Series	Title	Interviewee	Date(s) of Interview	Interviewer	Summary	Abstract 	Biographical Note	Subjects	Physical Description	Repository	Cite As	Copyright (Terms of use / reprodcution) (all updated as of 5/5/2015)	Contact and Ordering Information 
Acadian Handicraft Oral History Project	"Rosabel Sylestine oral history interview, 1995"	"Sylestine, Rosabel, 1923-1998"	1995	"Rabalais, Pamela Pace,; Olivier, Yvonne, -1947"	"Discusses creating various shapes of pine needle baskets, learning from her mother to make them, and participating in the Acadian Handicraft Project.  Also relates family history."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/acadian/Sylestine_Rosabel_T733.abs.pdf	"Rosabel Sylestine is of Coushatta Indian heritage and produced pine needle baskets for the Acadian Handicraft Project, a project coordinated through Louisiana State University General Extension to promote and preserve Acadian heritage."	"Sylestine, Rosabel, 1923-1998--Interviews.; Olivier, Louise V.; Acadian Handicraft Project.; Louisiana State Museum.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--General Extension Division.; Indian baskets--Louisiana.; Pine needle crafts--Louisiana.; Handicraft--Louisiana.; Weaving--Louisiana.; Koasati language--Louisiana.; Folk festivals--Louisiana."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (59 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Rosabel Sylestine Oral History Interview, 4700.0511, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University and the University of South Carolina in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Acadian Handicraft Oral History Project	"Gladys Clark oral history interview, 1995"	"Clark, Gladys, 1918-2011"	1995	"Rabalais, Pamela Pace,; Olivier, Yvonne, -1947"	"Clark details her family history along with descriptions of weaving for the Acadian Handicraft Project and traveling to demonstrate weaving in festivals around Louisiana with Louise V. Olivier, a division field representative of the project."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/acadian/Clark_Gladys_T734.abs.pdf	"Gladys Clark was born in Lafayette Parish, La., in 1918.  She wove cotton craft items such as place mats and napkins for the Acadian Handicraft Project."	"Clark, Gladys, 1918-2011--Interviews.; Olivier, Louise.; Acadian Handicraft Project.; Lions Clubs International.; International Rice Festival (Crowley, La.); Cotton weaving--Louisiana.; Acadians--Louisiana--Social life and customs--20th century.; Cotton carding--Louisiana.; Looms--Louisiana.; Palmetto weaving--Louisiana.; Crowley (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Saint Martinville (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Lafayette Parish (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (75 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Gladys Clark Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0512, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University and the University of South Carolina in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Acadian Handicraft Oral History Project	"Emeritte O. Perret oral history interview, 1995"	"Perret, Emeritte O. "	1995	"Rabalais, Pamela Pace,; Olivier, Yvonne, -1947"	Perret discusses family history along with personal details of Louise V. Olivier's life including relationships between Alex Melancon and Harnet Kane as well as attending the Eucharistic Congress in Ireland.  She also describes her observations of Olivier's work with the individuals that made the handicrafts as well as the organization of the festivals that she attended.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/acadian/Perret_Emeritte_T735.abs.pdf	"Emeritte O. Perret was the cousin of Louise V. Olivier, division field representative for the Acadian Handicraft Project."	"Perret, Emeritte O.--(Emeritte Olivier)--Interviews.; Olivier, Louise.; Kane, Harnett T.--(Harnett Thomas), 1910-1984; Acadian Handicraft Project.; Acadian Bicentennial Celebration.; International Eucharistic Congress--(31st :--1932 :--Dublin, Ireland); Folk festivals--Louisiana.; Acadians--Louisiana--Social life and customs--20th century.; Saint Martinville (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Grand Coteau (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Louisiana--Centennial celebrations, etc."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (37 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Emeritte O. Perret Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0513, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University and the University of South Carolina in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Acadian Handicraft Oral History Project	"Lucy Romero oral history interview, 1995"	"Romero, Lucy, 1916-1998"	1995	"Rabalais, Pamela Pace,; Olivier, Yvonne, -1947"	"Lucy Romero discusses the Romero family and making patterns and sewing children's clothing for the Acadian Handicraft Project. The types of clothes that she sewed included diaper shirts, bibs, gowns and pants. Romero also describes Louise V. Olivier, district field representative for the Acadian Handicraft Project."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/acadian/Romero_Laura_Mae_T739_T970.abs.pdf	"Lucy Romero lives in Erath, La.  She sewed children's clothing for the Acadian Handicraft Project."	"Romero, Lucy, 1916-1998--Interviews.; Romero family.; Acadian Handicraft Project.; Sewing--Equipment and supplies.; Machine sewing--Louisiana.; Embroidery--Louisiana--Technique.; Infants' clothing--Louisiana.; Gift shops--Louisiana--Lafayette.; Gift shops--Louisiana--New Orleans."	1 sound cassette (.75 hours); Transcript (41 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lucy Romero Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0514, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University and the University of South Carolina in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Acadian Handicraft Oral History Project	"Ida Duckworth Woods oral history interview, 1995"	"Woods, Ida Duckworth, b. 1911"	1995	"Rabalais, Pamela Pace,; Olivier, Yvonne, -1947"	"Woods discusses her mother's family origins and the harvesting, drying and preparing of palmetto for braiding.  She discusses becoming involved in the Acadian Handicraft Project through her local home demonstration club.  Details include the process of making corn husk dolls and how she found the pattern.  She stopped working for the Acadian Handicraft project when Louise V. Olivier, field representative for the project, died."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/acadian/Woods_Ida_Duckworth_T737.abs.pdf	"Ida Duckworth Woods, born in 1911, worked for the Acadian Handicraft Project making palmetto fans, placemats, and cornshuck dolls during the 1940s - 1960s. She became involved with the Acadian Handicraft project through her local home demonstration agent."	"Woods, Ida Duckworth, b. 1911--Interviews.; Olivier, Louise.; Acadian Handicraft Project.; Progressive farmer.; Cornhusk craft--Louisiana.; Dollmaking--Louisiana--Technique.; Palmetto weaving--Louisiana--Technique.; Weaving--Louisiana--Technique."	1 sound cassette (20 minutes); Transcript (27 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ida Duckworth Woods Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0515, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University and the University of South Carolina in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Acadian Handicraft Oral History Project	"Laura Mae Romero oral history interview, 1995-1996."	"Romero, Laura Mae, 1923-2010"	1995-1996.	"Rabalais, Pamela Pace,; Olivier, Yvonne, -1947"	"Interview includes discussion of Romero's family, sewing for two companies in New Orleans, sewing for the Acadian Handicraft Project, sewing for other individuals once the Acadian Handicraft Project ended, techniques for making christening dresses, designing patterns for clothes, making a heirloom dress for her granddaughter, a dress she made was in Sew Beautiful Magazine, making christening dresses for her daughters, grandchildren, and great grandchildren, colors used for clothes made for Acadian Handicraft Project, and the materials Romero prefers."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/acadian/Romero_Laura_Mae_T739_T970.abs.pdf	"Laura Mae Romero lives in Erath, La.  She sewed infant clothing for the Acadian Handicraft Project."	"Romero, Laura Mae, 1923-2010--Interviews.; Acadian Handicraft Project.; Baltazor Fabric Boutique.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--School of Home Economics.--Textile and Costume Museum.; Sew beautiful.; Sewing--Equipment and supplies.; Machine sewing--Louisiana.; Embroidery--Louisiana--Technique.; Infants' clothing--Louisiana.; Christening gowns--Louisiana."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Index (7 leaves); Transcript (63 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Laura Mae Romero Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0517, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University and the University of South Carolina in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Acadian Handicraft Oral History Project	"Lorita Racca oral history interview, 1995"	"Racca, Lorita, 1914-2000"	1995	"Rabalais, Pamela Pace, -1947; Olivier, Yvonne,"	"Racca discusses her family; her weaving, including learning to weave, the people she worked with, the materials and equipment she used, the weaving process, and prices fetched for rugs and blankets; doing weaving demonstrations in Alexandria and Shreveport; and attending the opening of an exhibit at the New Orleans Museum of Art."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/acadian/Racca_Lorita_T731.abs.pdf	Lorita Racca made rag-rugs and blankets with a spinning wheel and loom in the 1930s and 1940s.	"Racca, Lorita, 1914-2000--Interviews.; Racca family.; New Orleans Museum of Art.; Hand weaving--Louisiana.; Handlooms--Louisiana.; Spinning-wheel--Louisiana.; Blankets--Louisiana.; Rag rugs--Louisiana.; Wages--Weavers--Louisiana.; Craft festivals--Louisiana."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (69 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lorita Racca Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0509, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University and the University of South Carolina in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Acadian Handicraft Oral History Project	"Mary Alice Fontenot oral history interview, 1995"	"Fontenot, Mary Alice "	1995	"Olivier, Yvonne,"	Fontenot discusses her friendship with Louise Olivier who promoted French language and culture in Louisiana and her own Clovis Crawfish books.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/acadian/Fontenot_Mary_Alice.t732.abs.pdf	Mary Alice Fontenot wrote for local Louisiana newspapers and educated children in the French language through her Clovis Crawfish books.	"Fontenot, Mary Alice--Interviews.; Fontenot, Mary Alice.--Clovis Crawfish series.; Olivier, Louise.; French language--Louisiana--Study and teaching--English speakers.; Louisiana--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 sound cassette (20 minutes); Transcript (25 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Mary Alice Fontenot Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0510, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University and the University of South Carolina in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Atchafalya Basin Oral History Project	"Aldridge Leroy McMurray Sr. oral history interview, 1979"	"McMurray, Aldridge Leroy"	1979	"Hebert, Sue."	"Interview deals with McMurray's early life and career as a river boat pilot on the Mississippi.  Focus dates of the interview are 1904-1967.  McMurray recalls his father's farming on Chopin Plantation, getting to school, the flood of 1927, and work on government survey boats on the Mississippi.; He describes the government's methods of controlling the River, life on the boats, and getting a pilot's license.  Also mentioned is the debate regarding levees and spillways. The interview was conducted as part of a local history project for the Plaquemine area."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/suehebert/McMurray_AL.pdf	"Master pilot on the Mississippi River and other rivers from the 1920s-1970s. Resident of Bayou Sorrel and Plaquemine, Louisiana, and an employee of Standard Oil, later Esso."	"McMurray, Aldridge Leroy, Sr.--Interviews.; River boats--Louisiana.; Levees--Louisiana.; Pilots and pilotage--Mississippi River."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hour); Transcript (74 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Aldridge Leroy McMurray Sr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0043, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Atchafalya Basin Oral History Project	"Ray W. Gilchrist Sr. oral history interview, 1979"	"Gilchrist, Ray W."	1979	"Hebert, Sue."	"Gilchrist discusses his family and early background, his father's community syrup mill near Bayou Sorrel and the community's involvement and socializing at syrup making time."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/suehebert/Gilchrist_Ray_T28.1.pdf	"Ray W. Gilchrist grew up in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, where his father operated a community syrup mill in the 1930s."	Sugarcane--Louisiana.; Syrup industry--Louisiana.; Iberville Parish (La.)--Social life and customs.	1 sound cassette (.5 hours); Index (1 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ray W. Gilchrist Sr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0024, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws. 	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Atchafalya Basin Oral History Project	"Frank Gilchrist oral history interview, 1979"	"Gilchrist, Frank. "	1979	"Hebert, Sue."	"Gilchrist describes lumbering, trapping, and fishing in the Atchafalaya Basin; picking and treating moss; and he discusses the Plaquemine locks."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/suehebert/Gilchrist_Frank.pdf	Resident of the Atchafalaya Basin area in the early 1900s.	Plaquemine (La.)--History.; Iberville Parish (La.)--History.; Atchafalaya Basin (La.)--History.	1 sound cassette (40 minutes); Index (1 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Frank Gilchrist Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0023, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws. 	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Atchafalya Basin Oral History Project	"Edward Coussou oral history interview, 1979"	"Coussou, Edward, -1905"	1979	"Hebert, Sue."	"Coussou describes the activities in timber camps in the Atchafalaya Basin, the construction of the levee, picking and curing Spanish moss, trapping fur animals, and fishing.  He describes dwellings, the layout of settlements,  and landowners of the Bayou Sorrel area."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/suehebert/Coussou_Edward.pdf	"Coussou moved to Bayou Sorrel in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, in 1925 and worked there in timber camps and on the ferry."	Fur-bearing animals--Louisiana.; Fishing--Louisiana--Iberville Parish.; Levees--Louisiana--Iberville Parish.; Spanish moss--Louisiana.; Timber--Louisiana.; Ferries--Louisiana.; Bayou Sorrel (La.)	1 sound cassette (25 minutes); Index (1 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Edward Coussou Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0454, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws. 	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Atchafalya Basin Oral History Project	"Bill Lindon Rivet oral history interview, 1979"	"Rivet, Bill Lindon, "	1979	"Hebert, Sue."	"Rivet recalls drownings at the Plaquemine locks on the Mississippi River, the sinking of the steamboat Andes, and his work in the mechanical operation of moving boats through the locks.  Rivet describes flood control, the high waters in 1937 or 1938, the work of Gus O'Neil as lock engineer and Mr. Dugal, Jack Roberts, and John W. Abel as lockmasters, repair of leaks, and precautions taken to protect the locks during World War II."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/suehebert/Rivet_Bill.pdf	"River lock worker (1931-1961) and resident of Plaquemine, Louisiana."	Andes (Steamboat); Locks (Hydraulic engineering)--Louisiana.; Floods--Mississippi River.; Plaquemine (La.); Mississippi River--Commerce.; Mississippi River--Navigation.	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Index (1 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Bill Lindon Rivet Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0054, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws. 	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Atchafalya Basin Oral History Project	"Nelson and Lottie McQuiston oral history interview, 1979"	"McQuiston, Nelson, 1897-1986"	1979	"McQuiston, Lottie.; Hebert, Sue."	"The McQuistons discuss geographical changes in the Atchafalaya Basin the since 1929, the Atchafalaya spillway, lumbering in the area, local treatment of illnesses, residents shopping for groceries and clothing, mail service, education, boat building, housing, crops and livestock, births, weddings, and funerals, fishing, and picking and ginning Spanish moss."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/suehebert/McQuiston_Nelson_&_Lottie.pdf	"Nelson and Lottie McQuiston were married in 1921 and lived in the Atchafalaya Basin area of Louisiana.  They resided in Baker, Louisiana, at the time of this interview."	"McQuiston, Nelson, 1897-1986--Interviews.; Traditional medicine--Louisiana.; Spanish moss--Louisiana.; Lumbering--Louisiana--Atchafalaya Basin.; Fishing--Louisiana--Atchafalaya Basin.; Human geography--Louisiana--Atchafalaya Basin.; Atchafalaya Basin (La.)--Social conditions.; Atchafalaya Basin (La.)--History.; Atchafalaya Floodway (La.)"	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Index (2 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Nelson and Lottie McQuiston Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0044, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws. 	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Atchafalya Basin Oral History Project	"Samuel McQuiston oral history interview, 1979"	"McQuiston, Samuel, 1899-1980"	1979	"Hebert, Sue."	"In the interview, McQuiston describes flooding of Bayou Chene, lumbering, fishing, and trapping fur-bearing animals in the Plaquemine area, local geography and place names, and the local school and educators."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/suehebert/McQuiston_Samuel.pdf	"Resident of Plaquemine, Louisiana."	"McQuiston, Samuel, 1899-1980--Interviews.; Lumbering--Louisiana--Plaquemine.; Fishing--Louisiana--Plaquemine.; Human geography--Louisiana--Plaquemine.; Fur-bearing animals--Louisiana.; Floods--Louisiana--Bayou Chene.; Plaquemine (La.)--Social conditions.; Bayou Chene (La.)"	1 sound cassette (20 minutes); Index (1 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Samuel McQuiston Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0045, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws. 	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Atchafalya Basin Oral History Project	"Shine Larson oral history interview, 1979"	"Larson, Shine, -1903"	1979	"Hebert, Sue."	The interview discusses Larson's family background; picking and ginning Spanish moss; logging; trapping fur-bearing animals; fishing; the flood of 1927; local politics and elections; and life in Bayou Chene.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/suehebert/Larson_Shine.pdf	"Resident of Bayou Chene, Louisiana."	Lumbering--Louisiana.; Fishing--Louisiana--Plaquemine.; Floods--Louisiana--Bayou Chene.; Fur-bearing animals--Louisiana.; Spanish moss--Louisiana.; Bayou Chene (La.)	1 sound cassette (37 minutes); Index (2 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Shine Larson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0034, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws. 	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Atchafalya Basin Oral History Project	"Leander Curry oral history interview, 1979"	"Curry, Leander, "	1979	"Hebert, Sue,"	"Curry describes his way of life on Bayou Chene from the 1920s until the 1970s, operating a school transfer boat, life on the bayou, fishing, hunting, and moss picking."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/suehebert/Curry_Leander.pdf	"Leander Curry was a resident of Bayou Chene, La."	"Curry, Leander--Interviews.; Hunting--Louisiana.; Fishing--Louisiana.; Spanish moss industry--Louisiana.; School children--Transportation--Louisiana.; Bayou Chene (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 sound cassette (28 minutes); Abstract (2 leaves); Index (2 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Leander Curry Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2085, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Baton Rouge Blues Oral History Project	"Oscar Davis oral history interview, 1997"	"Davis, Oscar, "	1997	"Jackson, Jo,"	"Davis dicusses his family and three wives; his musical influences; local blues musicians; his harmonica techniques; Tabby Thomas, a club owner; drug and alcohol abuse among blues musicians; the financing, recording, and sale of music; and the differences between black and white musicians and audiences."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/brblues/Davis_Oscar_T1095.abs.pdf	Oscar Davis was a Baton Rouge blues musician.	"Davis, Oscar--Interviews.; Thomas, Tabby.; Blues (Music)--Louisiana.; Harmonica music (Blues)--Louisiana.; Nightclubs--Louisiana.; Sound recording industry--Louisiana.; Audiences--Louisiana."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (46 leaves); Index (2 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Oscar Davis Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0755, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Baton Rouge History and Culture Oral History Project	"Richard Alden McEwen oral history interview, 1998"	"McEwen, Richard A., "	1998	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"McEwen discusses his education; his city planning work in St. Louis, Santa Fe, Richmond, and Baton Rouge; the development of early subdivisions in Baton Rouge; street, drainage, and sewer projects; the Baton Rouge Planning Commission and City Council; urban renewal and the building of the Riverside Centroplex; the influence of petrochemical companies on the development of Baton Rouge; improvement of substandard housing; Mayor Tom Ed McHugh's Horizon Plan for Baton Rouge in the 1980s; and McEwen's role in developing a parking plan for Louisiana State University in 1982."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/brhistory/McEwen_Richard_alltapes.abs.pdf	"Richard Alden McEwen studied landscape architecture at Iowa State University and planned army camp sites during World War II.  He was a city planner in St. Louis, Missouri; Santa Fe, New Mexico; and Richmond, California, before becoming planning director for Baton Rouge, Louisiana in 1953.  He retired in 1980."	"McEwen, Richard A.--Interviews.; McHugh, Tom Ed.; Riverside Centroplex (Baton Rouge, La.); Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Parking.; City planning--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; City planning--United States.; Land subdivision--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Urban renewal--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Housing rehabilitation--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Streets--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Road drainage--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Sewerage--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Petroleum chemicals industry--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Politics and government--20th century."	6 sound cassettes (8.5 hours); Transcript (202 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Richard Alden McEwen Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0934, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Baton Rouge Insurance Industry Oral History Project	"Paul Arst oral history interview, 1995"	"Arst, Paul, 1921-2012"	1995	"Rackley, R. Robert, -1936"	"In the interview, Arst discusses his long career with Prudential, changes in the insurance industry over the years, his involvement in LSU alumni affairs, and community work.  He relates stories of his personal life and of persons he met throughout his career, and he describes his personal business philosophy.  Time period covered includes 1938-1970s."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/brinsurance/Arst_Paul_T718.abs.pdf	"Paul Arst has been a prominent member of both the business and civic communities in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.  Having received his early education in Drew, Mississippi and a B. S. in Commerce from Louisiana State University in 1942, he became a chartered life underwriter, and has been associated with the Prudential Insurance Company of America since January 1948, and presently retains the position of agent emeritus."	"Arst, Paul, 1921-2012--Interviews.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Alumni and alumnae.; Insurance industry--Louisiana."	2 sound cassettes (1.5 hours); Transcript (56 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Paul Arst Oral History Interview, 4700.0503, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Baton Rouge Insurance Industry Oral History Project	"Elbert Lent oral history interview, 1998"	"Lent, Elbert, 1909-2009"	1998	"Rackley, R. Robert, -1936"	"Lent discusses his career with Prudential in New York State; the history and development of the life insurance industry in Louisiana; important insurance companies and salesmen in Louisiana; Sidney Marks, the head of the New Orleans Prudential office; setting up a Prudential office in Baton Rouge; his work for United Companies and the Lincoln National Life Insurance Company; the increasing professionalization of and respect for life insurance agents beginning in the 1960s; and several Louisiana insurance commissioners."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/brinsurance/Lent_Elbert_T1602.abs.pdf	"Elbert Lent was born on December 2, 1909, and was raised in New Jersey.  After graduating from high school, he moved to New York City and entered the life insurance sales field at Prudential Insurance Company.  He was transferred to New Orleans in 1948 and then to Baton Rouge in 1950 to set up an office for Prudential.  Lent later worked for United Companies and the Lincoln National Life Insurance Company."	"Lent, Elbert, 1909-2009--Interviews.; Marks, Sidney.; Prudential Insurance Company of America.; United Companies.; Lincoln National Life Insurance Company.; Life insurance--New York (State); Life insurance--Louisiana.; Insurance companies--Louisiana."	1 sound cassette (1.25 hours); Transcript (34 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Elbert Lent Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1080, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Allen ""Al"" Danos, Jr. oral history interview, 2010"	"Danos, Allen, 1947?-"	2010	"Donovan, Erin,; Shelby, Christina,"	"Danos focuses largely on his professional career with Danos and Curole, discussing domestic and international expansion efforts in the 1970s-1990s, with a particular focus on his work in oil production in Nigeria.  He discusses his interest in the ""boat"" side of the business, and his activities since retirement in 2006.  Danos discusses the Catholic community, his home life, Cajun heritage and current culture, and his regular gatherings with friends."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Danos_Allen_T3934.pdf	"Allen ""Al"" Danos was born in Cut Off, La., around 1947 and attended Holy Cross High School in New Orleans.  In his early twenties he joined his father, Allen Danos, Sr., in the family business, Danos and Curole Marine Contractors; he and his brother Hank took over the company in the early 1970s.  Since his retirement in the early 2000s Danos has become a board member of Nicholls State University Foundation, a board member of the Houma-Thibodaux Diocese, and worked to develop tourism in Port Fourchon.  He is a practicing Catholic, and lives in Cut Off with his wife.  They have four children and five grandchildren."	"Danos, Allen, Jr., 1947?---Interviews.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajuns--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish--Social life and customs.; Oil field equipment and supplies industry--Louisiana.; Offshore oil field equipment industry--Louisiana.; Petroleum industry and trade--Social aspects--Nigeria."	1 digital audio file (21 minutes); Abstract (3 leaves); Index (3 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Allen ""Al"" Danos, Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2088, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Augustin J. ""A.J."" LeBlanc, Jr. oral history interview, 2010"	"LeBlanc, A. J. -1936"	2010	"Smith, Courtney,; Hadley, Brooklne,"	"LeBlanc discusses his French Catholic upbringing, and the importance of community, family, and education in his youth.  He talks about his early marriage and career with Humble Oil, and about switching careers into the nascent insurance industry, in which he had financial and professional success.  He discusses the physical and socioeconomic topography of Bayou Lafourche, talking about its changes over the past sixty years, and its current physical reduction and financial inequalities.  He talks about the impact of hurricanes on Bayou Lafourche.  He discusses his family history and his offspring.  He mentions his participation in a community of local French speakers who are trying to preserve the language, and the importance of doing so."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/LeBlanc_Augustin_J_T3939.pdf	"Augustin ""A.J."" LeBlanc, was born July 9, 1936, in Lockport, Louisiana, and is one of three sons of Augustin LeBlanc, Sr.  He grew up speaking French at home, and his house did not have electricity until after World War II.  He was raised, and continues to be, an observant Catholic, and education was always emphasized by his parents.  After high school he married and began working for Humble Oil (now Exxon), but left in 1958 to study insurance marketing at University of Southwest Louisiana.  He set up a State Farm-affiliated practice in Larose, which grew to be very successful.  He and his wife have four children and a number of grandchildren, live in Larose and have a camp in Leeville."	"LeBlanc, A. J.--(Augustin J.), Jr., 1936---Interviews.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajun French dialect--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajuns--Louisiana--Social life and customs.; Extended families--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Families--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Hurricanes--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Insurance--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Insurance agents--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs.; Larose (La.)--Economic conditions.; Lockport (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche, Bayou (La.)--Economic conditions."	"1 digital audio file (1 hour, 11 minutes); Abstract (5 leaves); Index (7 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Augustin J. ""A.J."" LeBlanc, Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2093, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Belonie Scioneaux oral history interview, 2010"	"Scioneaux, Belonie, 1931-2011"	2010	"Philips, Allie,"	"Scioneaux discusses his childhood on a Louisiana plantation and his role in the workforce, as well as his job at the Avondale shipyard. He discusses his first wife and her infidelity, then tells an anecdote about his second wife and her eating habits. Scioneaux enjoys hunting and discusses his various guns, and shooting a rabbit. He explains his limited English, and offers some phrases in French."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Scioneaux_Belonie_T3936.pdf	"Belonie Scioneaux was born in 1931 in Vacherie, Louisiana, the son of Ernest and Martha Scioneaux. His family was employed by a plantation on which they lived, and he began working at a young age. As an adult he worked at Avondale Shipyard for a time before leaving because of health problems. He married at least twice (second wife: Audrey Kraemer Scioneaux), and had several children and stepchildren. Scioneaux, a native French speaker and resident of Chackbay, enjoyed hunting and helping at his daughter's restaurant, Nocko's Deli, until his death in 2011."	"Scioneaux, Belonie, 1931-2011--Interviews.; Adultery--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajun French dialect--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Hunting--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Shipbuilding industry--Louisiana--Employees.; Vacherie (La.)--Social life and customs."	1 digital audio file (24 minutes); Abstract (2 leaves); Index (3 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Belonie Scioneaux Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2090, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Brenda Dardar Robichaux oral history interview, 2010"	"Robichaux, Brenda Dardar, -1958"	2010	"Hayward, David,"	"Robichaux discusses her upbringing in a Houma community just outside of Golden Meadow, Louisiana, and the history of the contentious relationship between the Houma and the white communities of south Louisiana.  The family grew much of its own food, and her father always made sure the family was well fed, even during economically challenging times.  Robichaux discusses the changes in Bayou Lafourche, including the saltwater erosion and the rise in industry in formerly residential communities.  She discusses her grandfather's (Ernest Dardar, a traiteur) role in the community, and recounts the gathering spaces for the family and community, which included the Catholic chapel, her father's boat, and her parents' house."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Robichaux_Brenda_T3946.pdf	"Brenda Dardar Robichaux was born and raised in a Houma Indian community just south of the corporation limits of Golden Meadow, Louisiana.  Her grandfather, Ernest Dardar, was a traiteur, or healer, and her father was a fisherman.  The youngest child in her family, she was among the first Indian students to integrate Bayou Lafourche public schools, and she worked for the parish school district early in her career.  She served as the Principal Chief of the United Houma Nation (1997-2010), and is an outspoken advocate for minority rights.  She has also served on numerous boards (Second Harvest, Inter-Tribal Council of Louisiana, National Indian Education Association, Rockefeller Philanthropy Gulf Coast Ecological Health and Community Renewal Fund Advisory Group, New Orleans Jazz & Heritage) and has won many awards for her service from local and national organizations (Times Picayune, Ms. Foundation, National Coalition on Black Civic Participation, United Houma Nation).  She is married to former state senator Michael Robichaux and has three children: Josh, Jason, and Felicite."	"Robichaux, Brenda Dardar, 1958---Interviews.; Dardar, Ernest.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Houma Indians--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Indian healers--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Whites--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish--Relations with Indians.; Golden Meadow (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche, Bayou (La.)--Economic conditions."	1 digital audio file (29 minutes); Abstract (3 leaves); Index (4 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Brenda Dardar Robichaux Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2100, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Clyde Orgeron oral history interview, 2010"	"Orgeron, Clyde, -1947"	2010	"Donovan, Erin,; Shelby, Christina,"	"Orgeron discusses his childhood, growing up on a farm in Valentine, Louisiana.  He recounts his early career at the Freeport Sulphur Company, which eventually moved him from Port Sulphur, Louisiana, to a 7/7 schedule on an offshore rig closer to Bayou Lafourche.  He took correspondence courses and advanced in the company; during his time on land he and his wife were busy building a new home and starting a family.  Orgeron discusses how he came to work for the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port [LOOP].  He shares his religious beliefs; as a practicing Catholic he goes to church every Sunday and is involved in religious service groups.  He discusses life on the bayou, both in regards to flooding, how things were when he was a boy, and what has changed.  Orgeron sings the Cajun song ""Allons Danser Colinda"" and discusses his recent trip to Nova Scotia and his connection with the people there."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Orgeron_Clyde_T3933.pdf	"Clyde Orgeron, b. 1947, is a Valentine, Louisiana native, the son of Augustin Fortunate Orgeron and Nola Barrilleaux Orgeron, who were farmers.  After graduating from public high school in 1966, he worked for Freeport Sulphur Company in Port Sulphur, Louisiana, and was then transferred to a rig off of Grand Isle, Louisiana.  He studied electrical engineering through home correspondence, and was transferred to the electrical and instrumentation department; he stayed with Freeport Sulphur fourteen years, until the company closed.  He took a position with the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port.  Orgeron married in 1968; he and his wife had two children.  He is a practicing Catholic.  In his retirement he lives in Cut Off, Louisiana, and Magnolia, Mississippi."	"Orgeron, Clyde, 1947---Interviews.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Freeport Sulphur Company--Employees.; Louisiana Offshore Oil Port--Employees.; Cajun French dialect--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajuns--Louisiana--Social life and customs.; Offshore oil industry--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs."	1 digital audio file (56 minutes); Abstract (4 leaves); Index (5 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Clyde Orgeron Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2087, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Evelyn Cheramie Kuyrkendall oral history interview, 2010"	"Kuyrkendall, Evelyn Cheramie, 1950?-"	2010	"Delgado, Natalie,"	"Kuyrkendall grew up in Galliano, Louisiana, a small town in Lafourche Parish.  She discusses her childhood on the bayou, which she enjoyed, although she faced a few challenges because of her hearing impairment (e.g., she couldn't hear threats, like snakes, approaching).  She recalls the transition of moving to the Louisiana School for the Deaf in 1961.  Kuyrkendall discusses her professional life: first at a shrimp factory, then at a grocery store, and then her career as a florist, which she discusses at length, including her year working in Las Vegas, getting her professional license, and the floral shops she helped establish.  Kuyrkendall discusses her Catholic faith, and talks about the challenges of deaf people today, especially in regards to professional opportunities.  She also shares her recollections of Hurricane Betsy (1965), which destroyed her family's home."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Kuyrkendall_Evelyn_T3932.pdf	"Evelyn Cheramie Kuyrkendall was born in Galliano, Louisiana, around 1950.  She attended the local public school from age six to eleven, then in 1961 moved to Baton Rouge to attend the Louisiana School for the Deaf, from which she graduated in 1968.  After working as a flower delivery girl in Bayou Lafourche, in 1974 she moved to Las Vegas to work and train.  Kuyrkendall returned to Louisiana in 1976, and in that year passed her Louisiana State Floral License exam.  She opened three flower shops in south Louisiana, including The General Store Flower & Gift Shop in Golden Meadow, Louisiana, before marrying (1985) and moving to Baton Rouge.  She worked for Edrie's Flower Shop.  She continues to do floral designs for special events, and serves as a house mother at the Louisiana School for the Deaf.  Her daughter Jennifer interpreted most of the interview."	"Kuyrkendall, Evelyn Cheramie, 1950?---Interviews.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Louisiana School for the Deaf.; Deaf--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Deaf--Education--Louisiana.; Deaf--Employment--Louisiana.; Florists--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Hurricane Betsy, 1965.; Shrimp industry--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Galliano (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs."	1 digital audio file (51 minutes); Abstract (4 leaves); Index (6 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Evelyn Cheramie Kuyrkendall Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2140, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Garrett ""Hank"" Danos oral history interview, 2010"	"Danos, Garret, 1950?-"	2010	"Eusea, Olivia,; Dixon, Ashley,"	"Danos discusses his childhood in Larose and Cut Off, La., including his grandfather's sugar cane farm and the slightly more populated neighborhood in Cut Off.  Danos recalls transportation options and the physical construction of the community, and how it was changed.  Danos says living in Bayou Lafourche is defined by pride of culture and independence.  He discusses the oil industry's growth, role, and his contributions through Danos and Curole.  He discusses hurricanes, his current approach to them, and the role the floodgates have had on the local community.  He describes his maternal grandfather's house, as well as the house his parents built in Cut Off.  He also recalls food options on the bayou (groceries and restaurants), then and now."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Danos_Garrett_Hank_T3941.pdf	"Hank Danos was born about 1950 in Larose, La., and grew up there and in Cut Off, La.  He has lived in Lafourche Parish for all his life but the years he attended Louisiana State University, where he earned a B.S. in Business Administration (1971).  He is the CEO and President of Danos, which was founded by his father (as Danos and Curole Marine Contractors); Hank joined in 1971.  Danos is a member of the LSU Board of Supervisors and a number of other state and national boards.  He continues to serve as the head of Danos, which he now runs with his sons.  He is a practicing Catholic and served in the National Guard."	"Danos, Garret, 1950?---Interviews.; Hurricanes--Louisiana.; Oil field equipment and supplies industry--Louisiana.; Offshore oil field equipment industry--Louisiana.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana.; Sugarcane--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Larose (La.)--Social life and customs.; Cut Off (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs."	1 digital audio file (35 minutes); Abstract (4 leaves); Index (5 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Garrett ""Hank"" Danos Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2095, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Gary Oncale oral history interview, 2010"	"Oncale, Gary, -1953"	2010	"Noble, Brigette,; Fonda, Lauren,"	"Oncale answers a series of questions about demographics of Bayou Lafourche.  He discusses major industries of fishing and oil; he likes to fish recreationally but works in the oil fields as a contract welder.  He discusses the impact of Deepwater Horizon oil spill on the local economy, and the growth of Port Fourchon as a center of industry.  He discusses flooding and living above the floodgates.  He describes his house in Golden Meadow, and his relationship with his neighbors.  He describes increase in traffic with the new highway to Port Fourchon, and the impact and possible abatement of coastal erosion."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Oncale_Gary_T3943.pdf	"Gary Oncale was born in Thibodaux, Louisiana, in 1953.  He lived in Bogalusa, Louisiana, in the early 1980s and then moved to Golden Meadow in 1982 [1985?].  He is a contract welder in the Bayou Lafourche area, but travels extensively through Louisiana and Texas for his work.  He is a volunteer firefighter in Golden Meadow.  Oncale did not speak at length about his personal life, but he was raised Catholic and the interviewer made a note about his grandson."	"Oncale, Gary, 1953---Interviews.; BP Deepwater Horizon Explosion and Oil Spill, 2010.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Golden Meadow (La.)--Social life and customs.; Port Fourchon (La.)--Economic conditions.; Lafourche, Bayou (La.)--Economic conditions."	1 digital audio file (17 minutes); Abstract (2 leaves); Index (3 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Gary Oncale Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2097, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Harold Adams and Louise Adams oral history interview, 2010"	"Adams, Harold, 1946?-"	2010	"Smith, Melissa Michi,"	"Harold and Louise Adams discuss their courtship while they were both students at Nicholls State University in Thibodaux, and the earlier years of their marriage while they were both teachers.  Harold discusses his career as an educator, which includes serving as a teacher and principal in Golden Meadow Public Schools and working for a federal education program.  He also discusses education reform and his approach to discipline and dealing with the parents of students.  Harold discusses the sense of community in Golden Meadow and how it has changed, including Cajun culture and the growth of ethnic and religious diversity.  Harold discusses his, and his children's, relationship with Catholicism.  He discusses the growth of auto culture, the oil industry, and chain commercial stores in the area.  Harold and Louise share memories from Hurricanes Juan and Betsy and the current developments in levee construction in the region.  They discuss concepts of home and community, as well as the role of boats and bridges in the bayou."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Adams_Harold_and_Louise_T3951.pdf	"Harold Adams was born around 1946 in Golden Meadow, La., to Andrew Adams and Letucia Johnfroe Adams.  He grew up on Bobs Lane and attended Golden Meadow School and Nicholls State University as a commuter student.  He married his wife, Louise Adams, in 1969; they were both teachers.  Adams taught at Golden Meadow School, returned to Nicholls to get a master's degree in guidance and psychology, then was asked to be assistant principal of Golden Meadow.  A year later he was promoted to principal, a position in which he stayed until he became a supervisor with federal programs, and retired from education after 33 years.  Harold and Louise Adams are practicing Catholics, have two children and a number of grandchildren.; Louise Adams was born in Larose, La., to a family of grocers.  She attended Nicholls State University and was a teacher.  She married Harold Adams in 1969."	"Adams, Harold, 1946?---Interviews.; Adams, Louise, 1947?---Interviews.; Nicholls State University--Students.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Automobiles--Social aspects--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajuns--Louisiana--Golden Meadow--Social life and customs.; Hurricane Betsy, 1965.; Levees--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; School principals--Louisiana--Golden Meadow.; Teachers--Louisiana--Golden Meadow.; Teaching--Louisiana--Golden Meadow.; Golden Meadow (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs."	"1 digital audio file (1 hour, 5 minutes); Abstract (5 leaves); Index (6 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Harold Adams and Louise Adams Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2352, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Harold Adams and Reynold ""Ray"" Adams oral history interview, 2010"	"Adams, Harold, 1946?-"	2010	"Smith, Melissa Michi,"	"The brothers discuss their family life, including the ages of their siblings, and the role of Catholicism in their childhood.  They discuss the role of neighbors when they were children, and how their Golden Meadow neighborhood has changed.  Harold discusses his motivations to attend college.  They discuss the oil industry and the growth of wealth on the bayou."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Adams_Harold_and_Ray_T3949.pdf	"Harold Adams was born around 1946 in Golden Meadow, La., to Andrew Adams and Letucia Johnfroe Adams.  He grew up on Bobs Lane and attended Golden Meadow School and Nicholls State University as a commuter student.  He married his wife, Louise Adams, in 1969; they were both teachers.  Adams taught at Golden Meadow School, returned to Nicholls to get a master's degree in guidance and psychology, then was asked to be assistant principal of Golden Meadow.  A year later he was promoted to principal, a position in which he stayed until he became a supervisor with federal programs, and retired from education after 33 years.  Harold and Louise Adams are practicing Catholics, have two children and a number of grandchildren.; Reynold ""Ray"" Adams, Harold's bother, was born in Golden Meadow, La., around 1944 to Andrew Adams and Letucia Johnfroe Adams.  He grew up on Bobs Lane, which was home to the Adams and the Collins extended families.  Adams's father was a refrigeration engineer at an ice plant; Adams also worked there for 13 years after high school.  In 1976 he became a Golden Meadow deputy police officer, and was eventually promoted to chief of police, a position from which he retired.  Adams is a practicing Catholic.  He is married to Judy Adams and has children and four grandchildren."	"Adams, Harold, 1946?---Interviews.; Adams, Reynold, 1944?---Interviews.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajuns--Louisiana--Golden Meadow--Social life and customs.; Neighborhoods--Louisiana--Golden Meadow.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Golden Meadow (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche, Bayou (La.)--Economic conditions."	1 digital audio file (28 minutes); Abstract (3 leaves); Index (3 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Harold Adams and Reynold ""Ray"" Adams Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2103, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"John B. ""J.B."" Barnes, Jr. oral history interview, 2010"	"Barnes, J. B. 1923?-2012"	2010	"Tannehill, Mary,"	"Barnes discusses his childhood in Clinton and Baton Rouge, La., which involved being raised by his widowed mother and working from a young age.  The family grew their own food and resources were scarce.  As an adult Barnes helped raise a number of children in Lafourche Parish, and he discusses, at length, how Christian tenets have helped guide his life.  He discusses the history and development of Israelite Baptist Church in Lockport, explaining his role as deacon and as a member of the church choir.  Barnes sings two gospel songs.  He discusses his professional career at Valentine Sugar in Lockport, where he climbed to the rank of overseer/manager, which caused some strain as Barnes is African American and many colleagues were white.  After Valentine closed he worked night shifts at a sugar mill in Raceland. He briefly discusses the non-church community and changes in the physical community of Bayou Lafourche.  Barnes's long medical history is also discussed."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Barnes_John_B_T3948.pdf	"John B. ""J.B."" Barnes, Jr. was born in Clinton, La., around 1923 and was raised with a rural lifestyle in Baton Rouge.  His father died when he was still young, so Barnes was raised by his mother and began to work and contribute to the household at an early age.  He moved to Lockport, La., in 1954 for a job at the Valentine Sugar Company, where he worked on their Valite division and eventually became a plantation overseer, managing the labor force of hundreds, both black and white.  After Valentine's closure in 1979 [1980], Barnes also worked as a water attendant at a sugar house in Raceland.  He was a member of St. John Baptist Church in Clinton and Israelite Baptist Church in Lockport; he served as a church deacon and member of the choir at Israelite Baptist.  Barnes, son of John Barnes, Sr. and Anna Thomas Barnes, was one of many children, and was married to Sally Barnes; the couple had five children and he mentored many more.  He passed away in 2012 and is survived by three sons, one daughter, many grandchildren and great-grandchildren."	"Barnes, J. B.--(John B.), Jr., 1923?-2012--Interviews.; Israelite Baptist Church (Lockport, La.); African American Baptists--Louisiana--Lockport.; African American Christians--Louisiana--Conduct of life.; Child rearing--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Country life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Country life--Louisiana--Clinton.; Gospel music--Louisiana--Lockport.; Plantation overseers--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Racism in the workplace--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Sugar--Manufacture and refining--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Sugarcane--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Sugarcane industry--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Lafourche, Bayou (La.)--Economic conditions."	1 digital audio file (44 minutes); Abstract (3 leaves); Index (4 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John B. ""J.B."" Barnes, Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2102, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"John Doucet oral history interview, 2010"	"Doucet, John P. "	2010	"Branton, Ryan,"	"Doucet discusses his childhood growing up in Golden Meadow, how he interacted with his father, who was often gone because of his work on the oil rigs, and losing his father at age twelve.  Doucet acknowledges how the community rallied to support him and his brother, including mentors at school and in the extended family, but his family was a close-knit one, and they rarely spent time with the larger community.  Growing up Doucet spent a good deal of time with his grandparents, who spoke Cajun French, and he internalized their language such that he could reproduce many of their characteristics in plays he wrote as an adult.  He also discusses the role and history of French in his family and on the bayou.  The Doucets were very involved in the church, and Doucet served as an altar boy.  Science was important from an early age.  After making a perfect score in a third-grade science exam, Doucet's father, and later teachers, encouraged him to pursue a career in science, which led him to many science fairs and eventually, a doctorate in molecular biology at LSU Medical Center in New Orleans.  He recalls his first memories are of the 1965 Hurricane Betsy, which nearly flooded their house.  His post-doctoral genetic research of Usher's syndrome, which disproportionally affects Acadians, led to the discovery of the genetic mutation responsible, and brought him back to Acadian culture.  He discusses how he got the job at Nicholls and how, since arriving he has continued to conduct genetic research with Acadians and with other subjects of South Louisiana interest, including local animals like love bugs and crawfish.  Doucet discusses the role of religion in his life, with particular emphasis on its intersection with science, and the importance and definition of ""home"" in his life."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Doucet_John_T3945.pdf	"John Doucet was born in 1962 in Golden Meadow, La., the son of Herman Joseph Doucet, an oil field worker, and Dora Rebstock Doucet, a homemaker; he is one of five children.  In his youth he spent a significant amount of time with his French-speaking grandparents, and a good deal of time with his family, but was rather isolated from the larger community.  His father passed away when Doucet was twelve, but before his death encouraged Doucet to study science.  Mentorship in middle school and high school, along with a local, regional, and national recognition, laid the groundwork for Doucet's scientific career.  As a first-generation college student, Doucet studied chemistry at Nicholls State University.  After completing his doctoral studies in biochemistry and molecular biology at Louisiana State University Medical Center in New Orleans, he received a National Institute of Health fellowship to study genetics, also at LSUMC.  His team conducted research on Usher's syndrome, which disproportionately affects people of Acadian descent.  His team identified the genetic mutation that causes Usher's, and his research has continued to focus on people of Acadian descent.  Doucet joined the biology department of Nicholls State in 1999.  He has served as the head of the Biology Department (three years) and honors program (nine years), and in 2012 was selected to serve as Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences.  Doucet became Louisiana's first certified public health geneticist in 2010, and the first to serve on the national Education Board of the American Society of Human Genetics.  He has written over a dozen plays about Louisiana's Cajun culture, and a number of history texts about Bayou Lafourche.  A practicing Catholic, Doucet served as an altar boy; as an adult he continues to have a strong faith in God, which he believes can coexist with his scientific research.  He and his wife, also a Bayou Lafourche native, have two children."	"Doucet, John P.--Interviews.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Nicholls State University--Faculty.; Cajun French dialect--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajuns--Health and hygiene--Louisiana.; Cajuns--Louisiana--Social life and customs.; Catholic scientists--Louisiana.; Dramatists, American--Louisiana.; Geneticists--Louisiana.; Grandparent and child--Louisiana.; Hurricane Betsy, 1965.; Religion and science--Louisiana.; Usher's syndrome--Research--Louisiana.; Golden Meadow (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs."	"1 digital audio file (1 hour, 3 minutes); Abstract (5 leaves); Index (7 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John Doucet Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2099, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"John William Barker, Aline Barker and Dee Dee Gaubert oral history interview, 2010"	"Barker, J. W. 1923-2012"	2010	"Barker, Aline Herbert,; Gaubert, Dee Dee,; Drummond, Karrah,"	"Barker recounts his childhood in Lockport, La., which included working and playing with other kids at the Clotilda Plantation.  Barker discusses the sugarcane business, then and now, throughout the interview.  He briefly discusses his education, which included an agricultural engineering degree from Louisiana State University, and his time in the armed forces during World War II at Camp Claiborne, Guadalcanal, and Japan.  He discusses his concept of home and the role of Catholicism in his life.  He and his wife (Aline) and niece (Dee Dee Gaubert) discuss the changes in Bayou Lafourche's commerce with the advent of the oil industry and topography due to erosion.  Aline discusses her family's background and the role of French in her life.  They discuss Valentine Sugar, both the processing of sugarcane and the development of paper products."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Barker_John_et_al._T3937.pdf	"John ""Johnny"" William Barker was born in New Orleans in 1923, and was one of seven children to Frank and Florence Barker.  He spent his first years in a house on Carrollton Avenue, across the street from the Notre Dame Seminary.  His father, a sugar trader, moved the family to the Clotilda Plantation, outside Lockport, La.  Barker attended St. Stanislaus High School and Louisiana State University, where he studied agricultural engineering, and served in the U.S. Army during World War II, serving in the Pacific Theater.  He married Aline Herbert of Larose and the couple had six children and numerous grandchildren.  He is a fourth-generation sugarcane farmer and his professional career included work with Valentine Sugars (where Aline also worked), Bollinger Shipyards, and A.E. Staley.  Barker lived at Clotilda Plantation until his death in 2012."	"Barker, J. W.--(John William), 1923-2012--Interviews.; Barker, Aline Herbert--Interviews.; Gaubert, Dee Dee--Interviews.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Erosion--Louisiana--Lafourche, Bayou.; French language--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Sugar--Manufacture and refining--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Sugarcane--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Sugarcane industry--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Clotilda Plantation (La.); Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche, Bayou (La.)--Economic conditions."	"1 digital audio file (1 hour, 3 minutes); Abstract (5 leaves); Index (7 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John William Barker, Aline Barker and Dee Dee Gaubert Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2091, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Larry Williams oral history interview, 2010"	"Williams, Larry, -1947"	2010	"Duplechain, Kayla,; Cosse, Andrew,"	"Williams discusses his childhood in Golden Meadow, both the activities he participated in and also his moral upbringing, which was influenced by his parents and the Catholic Church. He discusses his experience with French at home and at school, and the importance of family. He recalls flooding in Golden Meadow, and mentions (briefly) his time at Nicholls State and serving in the U.S. Army during Vietnam. He explains that he got his job because of a workplace accident which killed his father. He discusses his daughters' education and how the family still socializes around sporting events."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Williams_Larry_T3931.pdf	"Larry Williams was born in 1947 and raised in Golden Meadow, Louisiana, where he spoke both Cajun French with his grandparents and English. He attended Nicholls State University for two semesters and then served the U.S. Army in the Vietnam War, 1966-1968. In that year he married his high school sweetheart and was briefly stationed at Fort Lee, Virginia. He worked at Texaco for his entire career; he secured the job after his father, also a Texaco employee, was killed on a rig explosion. Williams, a practicing Catholic, is still married, but now retired. He has three grown daughters."	"Williams, Larry, 1947---Interviews.; Nicholls State University--Students.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajun French dialect--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Extended families--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Petroleum refineries--Accidents--Louisiana.; Petroleum refineries--Employees--Louisiana.; Golden Meadow (La.)--Social life and customs."	1 digital audio file (33 minutes); Abstract (3 leaves); Index (4 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Larry Williams Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2139, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Loyman P. Melancon oral history interview, 2010"	"Melancon, Loyman P., -1934"	2010	"Ford, Bruce,"	"Loyman Melancon discusses his childhood as the youngest of five in rural Cut Off, Louisiana, in the 1930s and 1940s, including learning to swim, playing sports, childhood games, trapping with his father, and spending time with his widowed grandmother.  After high school he married and worked in the oil fields, where he advanced through a number of roles, until his father-in-law asked him to join his oyster business.  Melancon speaks at length about oystering, including salinity requirements, leasing and maintenance of oyster beds, dredging fresh oysters, steam plants, canning, predators, and the impact of the 2010 oil spill.  He also discusses the role of French in his upbringing and his current efforts to preserve the language."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Melancon_Loyman_T3938.pdf	"Loyman Melancon was born and raised in Cut Off, Louisiana, the youngest of five siblings.  He grew up in a rural environment, relied on the bayou for transportation, and played sports at Cut Off High School (including on the 1953 six-man football team, which won the state championship).  He married Mamie Eymard after secondary school; the couple had five children.  Melancon worked in the oil industry until his father-in-law asked him to join his oystering business, which included a fleet of four ships.  Melancon joined, and eventually took over, the business, from which he retired in 1985.  In his retirement he travels and participates in groups to preserve Cajun French."	"Melancon, Loyman P., 1934---Interviews.; BP Deepwater Horizon Explosion and Oil Spill, 2010.; Cajun French dialect--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajuns--Louisiana--Social life and customs.; Food--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Oyster fisheries--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Trapping--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cut Off (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs."	"1 digital audio file (1 hour, 13 minutes); Abstract (5 leaves); Index (7 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Loyman P. Melancon Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2092, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Ophelia Lefort oral history interview, 2010"	"Lefort, Ophelia, "	2010	"Cwieka, Blake,"	"Lefort discusses her childhood on the bayou, including attending a two-room schoolhouse, attending church, trapping with her father, and working at a shrimp shed during World War II.  She recalls meeting her husband in a local movie theater, and discusses her family's genealogical roots.  She tells how she acquired her current residence, which is a converted boarding house for Bayou Lafourche educators, and discusses the motivations and practices she uses in her painting."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Lefort_Ophelia_T3944.pdf	"Ophelia Lefort was born in the late 1920s in Galliano, Louisiana, and raised in the 1930s.  She attended Cut Off High School in the 1940s, and worked at a shrimp shed.  Her first boyfriend was Pershing Lefort (circa 1924-2003), whom she met at the Galliano movie theater; they were engaged before World War II, and married after the war.  The Leforts moved to Lafayette for her husband's education, then returned to Bayou Lafourche, where they raised four children and he worked in the oil industry.  After the youngest of their children was in school, Lefort became a middle school secretary, and began painting in 1985.  Lefort is an accomplished amateur painter, depicting scenes of bayou life on unusual surfaces (oyster shells, cypress shingles, etc.).  She and her late husband bought and preserved a former teacher boarding house in Larose, Louisiana, where she still resides."	"Lefort, Ophelia--Interviews.; Folk art--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Folk artists--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Painting--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Shrimp industry--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Trapping--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Women painters--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Galliano (La.)--Social life and customs.; Larose (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche, Bayou (La.)"	1 digital audio file (34 minutes); Abstract (3 leaves); Index (4 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ophelia Lefort Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2098, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Reynold ""Ray"" Adams oral history interview, 2010"	"Adams, Reynold, 1944?-"	2010	"Duffy, Kai,"	"Adams discusses his childhood on Bobs Lane in Golden Meadow, La., and what children did for recreation, which included hunting and sports.  He spent time with his father in the garden, hunting, and at church.  He was raised Catholic and his father was particularly devout.  Adams recalls the shrimp packing plants in Golden Meadow and discusses the local fishing culture, including recent developments.  He discusses, throughout the interview, how Golden Meadow has changed, specifically the sense of community, commerce and development.  He talks about his first job at the ice plant, and about the Golden Meadow Police Department, where he worked from 1976 to 2005.  Adams recalls his grandparents and his family's Cajun heritage."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Adams_Ray_T3950.pdf	"Reynold ""Ray"" Adams, Harold's brother, was born in Golden Meadow, La., around 1944 to Andrew Adams and Letucia Johnfroe Adams.  He grew up on Bobs Lane, which was home to the Adams and the Collins extended families.  Adams's father was a refrigeration engineer at an ice plant; Adams also worked there for 13 years after high school.  In 1976 he became a Golden Meadow deputy police officer, and was eventually promoted to chief of police, a position from which he retired.  Adams is a practicing Catholic.  He is married to Judy Adams and has children and four grandchildren."	"Adams, Reynold, 1944?---Interviews.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajuns--Louisiana--Golden Meadow--Social life and customs.; Fisheries--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Hunting--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Neighborhoods--Louisiana--Golden Meadow.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Police--Louisiana--Golden Meadow.; Shrimp industry--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Golden Meadow (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche, Bayou (La.)--Economic conditions."	1 digital audio file (44 minutes); Abstract (4 leaves); Index (5 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Reynold ""Ray"" Adams Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2351, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Richard Thomas Gibbens Robichaux oral history interview, 2010"	"Robichaux, Richard Thomas Gibbens, -1930"	2010	"Foltz, Kristin,"	"Robichaux discusses his childhood in Thibodaux, including his semi-rural home life (animals in the backyard), places to eat in Thibodaux (including a discussion of home cooking), and the group of boys he termed the ""Hinkety-dinkety Club."" He discusses his musical and parochial education, and how it led to his career as a chaplain's assistant in the Air Force (stationed in Okinawa, Japan), and eventually to playing organ at St. Joseph Co-Cathedral in Thibodaux. Robichaux reflects on Thibodaux's early days (even before he was born, ca. 1900 through the 1940s), and how the damming of Bayou Lafourche at Donaldsonville (1904) has changed the culture of the bayou. Robichaux briefly discusses the sugarcane industry (the family was involved), and how World War II, technology, and television changed the culture of Thibodaux from ""the simple life."" He discusses the construction, growth, and restoration of St. Joseph Co-Cathedral, and also enumerates the events (Masses, weddings, funerals) at which he has played the organ."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Robichaux_Gibbens_T3940.pdf	"R. Gibbens Robichaux was born in 1930 in Thibodaux, Louisiana, son of Alfred G. Robichaux, Sr. and Sara Day Gibbens Robichaux. He had one brother, Alfred G. Robichaux, Jr. (ca. 1928-2012) and was raised in Thibodaux, growing up in a house across the street from his grandparents (Eugene Godfrey Robichaux and Brigeitte Emma Thibodaux Robichaux) and a few blocks from Bayou Lafourche. He attended parochial school; first Mt. Carmel Convent Academy (now the Carmel Inn), and then Brothers of the Sacred Heart School, from which he graduated at sixteen. He met his future wife, Joann, as a teenager. He attended Spring Hill College in Mobile, Alabama (his father is also an alumnus); both he and his dad played piano and had bands in college. Robichaux enlisted in the US Air Force and was stationed for twenty-five months in Okinawa, Japan, where he was a chaplain's assistant and learned to play the organ. He returned to the States, married his wife, and was stationed in Marietta, Georgia. After he returned to Thibodaux he taught briefly (seventh grade), then worked for the welfare office, before becoming the organist of St. Joseph Co-Cathedral in Thibodaux, where he worked for twenty years. He is still involved in the church and music communities in his retirement. He has written a number of children's books, wrote a regular column for the Thibodaux Chamber of Commerce newsletter, and has released three CDs of music."	"Robichaux, Richard Thomas Gibbens, 1930---Interviews.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Thibodaux.; St. Joseph Co-Cathedral (Thibodaux, La.); United States.--Air Force--Chaplain's assistants.; Organists--Louisiana--Thibodaux.; Thibodaux (La.)--History.; Thibodaux (La.)--Social life and customs."	"1 digital audio file (1 hour, 3 minutes); Abstract (5 leaves); Index (7 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Richard Thomas Gibbens Robichaux Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2094, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewer and interviewee in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Ted Savoie oral history interview, 2010"	"Savoie, Ted, -1943"	2010	"Jenkins, Chaffie,; Breaux, Amber,"	"Savoie discusses his grandfather's influence on his early years.  He explains the importance of the Catholic Church in his daily life, growing up, and for his children and their families.  He talks about the role of music and dance halls in his youth, and how he helped to bring musicians to the bayou.  Savoie discusses the importance of volunteering in the community, including his own role in the development of the Oyster Festival.  Savoie discusses the various homes he has lived in, and the changing demographics of Bayou Lafourche, in terms of religion and race."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Savoie_Ted_T3935.pdf	"Ted Savoie was born in 1943 in Galliano, Louisiana, to a family with Acadian heritage (descendants of Fran{cedil}cois Savoie).  He spent his childhood living with his immediate family and maternal grandfather, who was in the oyster business and a community leader.  Savoie's father was originally a farmer from Larose, but entered the oyster business and then the tugboat business, which Savoie eventually took over.  Savoie is active in church and civic activities, and the father of four children and many grandchildren."	"Savoie, Ted, 1943---Interviews.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajuns--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish--Social life and customs.; Dance halls--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Music--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Voluntarism--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Galliano (La.)--Social life and customs.; Lafourche, Bayou (La.)--Social conditions."	1 digital audio file (49 minutes); Abstract (4 leaves); Index (5 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ted Savoie Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2089, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Bayou Lafourche Oral History Project	"Velton P. Guidry oral history interview, 2010"	"Guidry, Velton P., 1930-2011"	2010	"Lambert, Joshua; Jovicic, Stefan,"	"Guidry discusses his family's genealogy and his interest in Cajun genealogy and historical research in general.  He tells about his education to the seventh grade, which included corporal punishment, and his Catholic upbringing.  His mother worked in a shrimp factory and his father was a fisherman.  His large family was somewhat isolated from the poverty of the depression because they grew so much of their own food and his mother was very resourceful.  Guidry discusses shrimping as a teenager, trapping, and oystering.  He recounts childhood games and beginning to fish at 13.  He recalls a childhood vacation to Barataria Bay, which included harvesting bigorneaux (saltwater snails), a visit to Fort Livingston, and encountering an alligator.  He recalls working on the water during World War II and seeing submarines and other wartime activity.  Guidry also discusses the role of the church in the community (history and physical construction) and in his current life."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/bayoulafourche/Guidry_Velton_T3942.pdf	"Velton Guidry was born in 1930 and lived in Galliano, Louisiana.  He was one of seven children of Gracien and Augusta Choest Guidry.  Velton Guidry was married to Gertrude ""Gertie"" Kiger Guidry, and had two sons, Lenard and Jeffrey.  He served in the U.S. Army, was a fisherman since he was 13, and was an amateur genealogist later in life, focusing on local Cajun culture.  He was a parishioner at St. Joseph Catholic Church in Galliano and died on May 27, 2011."	"Guidry, Velton P., 1930-2011--Interviews.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Cajuns--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish--Genealogy.; Fishing--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Food--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Oyster fisheries--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Shrimp industry--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Trapping--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Barataria Bay (La.)--Description and travel.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Genealogy.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs."	"1 digital audio file (1 hour, 24 minutes); Abstract (5 leaves); Index (7 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Velton P. Guidry Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2096, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Margery Hall and Kate Garrod oral history interview, 1978"	"Hall, Margery, "	1978	"Garrod, Kate,; De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://karachi.s-asian.cam.ac.uk/archive/audio/hall.html; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T838.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T839.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T840.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T842.ind.pdf	"Margery Hall went to India on holiday in 1938 to stay with friends and returned again in 1939 to be married.  Her husband, H.P. Hall, served in the Indian Army and Indian Political Service and was in India from 1938 to 1962.  Margery worked in the Red Cross and Women's Voluntary Service during World War II.  Kate Garrod is the widow of a Public Works Department engineer."	"Hall, Margery--Interviews.; Garrod, Kate--Interviews.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Household employees--India.; Mortality--India.; Social classes--India.; Social classes--Great Britain.; Snobs and snobbishness--India.; Snobs and snobbishness--Great Britain.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"4 sound cassettes (4 hours, 25 minutes); Index (17 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Margery Hall and Kate Garrod Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0576, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Major General William Odling oral history interview, 1978"	"Odling, William, 1909-1997"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T839.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T841.ind.pdf	Major General William Odling joined the Royal Artillery in 1929.  He served in India from 1929 to 1938.	"Odling, William, 1909-1997--Interviews.; Great Britain.--Army--Military life.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Soldiers--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Animals--India.; Hunting--India.; Clothing and dress--India.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (2 hours, 31 minutes); Index (7 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Major General William Odling Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0577, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Brigadier Richard Gardiner and Mrs. Catherine Gardiner oral history interview, 1978"	"Gardiner, Richard, b. 1900"	1978	"Gardiner, Catherine,; De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T842.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T843.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T846.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T851.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T852.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T853.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T887.ind.pdf	"Brigadier Richard Gardiner was born in Rawalpindi, India (now Pakistan) and was sent back to England at age six to be formally educated.  He returned to India and served in the British Army (Royal Engineers) and Indian Railways.  He was later director of transportation for India."	"Gardiner, Richard, b. 1900--Interviews.; Gardiner, Catherine--Interviews.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; East Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Anglo-Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Amusements--India.; Caste--India.; Clubs--India.; Household employees--India.; Railroad travel--India.; Railroads--India.; Railroads--Burma.; Social classes--India.; World War, 1939-1945--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"7 sound cassettes (6 hours, 21 minutes); Index (32 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Brigadier Richard Gardiner and Mrs. Catherine Gardiner Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0578, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Fergus Munro Innes oral history interview, 1978"	"Innes, Fergus Munro, b. 1903"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T843.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T844.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T845.ind.pdf	"Fergus Munro Innes was born in Ooty, India.  His father served with the Indian Civil Service and his mother was the duagter of a colonel in the Madras Army.  Like many English children born in India, he was sent back to England to be formally educated when he was four years old.  After graduating from Oxford, he was accepted to the Indian Civil Service and returned to India in 1926, where he remained in the service for 21 years."	"Innes, Fergus Munro, b. 1903--Interviews.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Clothing and dress--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"3 sound cassettes (1 hour, 45 minutes); Index (13 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Fergus Munro Innes Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0579, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"C.J. Pelly oral history interview, 1978"	"Pelly, C. J., "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://karachi.s-asian.cam.ac.uk/archive/audio/pelly.html; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T845.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T844.ind.pdf	C.J. Pelly served in the Indian Civil Service and Indian Political Service.	"Pelly, C. J.--Interviews.; Indian Civil Service.; India (Empire).--Indian Political Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Courts--India.; Social classes--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; Kuwait--Politics and government--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 42 minutes); Index (9 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"C.J. Pelly Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0580, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"H.P. and Margery Hall oral history interview, 1978"	"Hall, H. P. 1838-1907"	1978	"Hall, Margery,; De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T845.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T847.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T848.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T849.ind.pdf	"H.P. Hall received his military training at Sandhurst from 1932 to 1934 and served in the Indian Army and Indian Political Service during his time in India from 1938 until 1962.  He was the Assistant Political Agent in Lora Lai District.; Margery Hall went to India on holiday in 1938 to stay with friends and returned again in 1939 to be married.  Her husband, H.P. Hall, served in the Indian Army and Indian Political Service and was in India from 1938 to 1962.  Margery worked in the Red Cross and Women's Voluntary Service during World War II."	"Hall, H. P.--(Harlan Page), 1838-1907--Interviews.; Hall, Margery--Interviews.; India.--Army--Military life.; India (Empire).--Indian Political Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Boys--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; East Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Soldiers--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Great Britain--Colonies--Asia--Administration.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; Borneo--Politics and government--20th century.; Malaysia--Politics and government--20th century."	"4 sound cassettes (4 hours, 38 minutes); Index (17 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"H.P. and Margery Hall Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0581, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Colonel W.H. Salmon and Mrs. Jean Salmon oral history interview, 1978"	"Salmon, W. H., "	1978	"Salmon, Jean,; De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T846.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T850.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T851.ind.pdf	"Colonel W.H. Salmon was born in Poona, India, and his family's presence in India went back five generations, dating to 1760.  Salmon served with the Highland Light Infantry in the 1930s and was an aide to the Governor of Sind.  He attended Haileybury College, which was affiliated with the East India Company.  He served with the British Army in India for many years."	"Salmon, W. H.--Interviews.; Salmon, Jean--Interviews.; Great Britain.--Army--Military life.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Clothing and dress--India.; Etiquette--India.; Hunting--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"3 sound cassettes (2 hours, 54 minutes); Index (11 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Colonel W.H. Salmon and Mrs. Jean Salmon Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0582, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"John Shattock oral history interview, 1978"	"Shattock, J. S. H. "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T849.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T856.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T857.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T858.ind.pdf	John Shattock served in the Indian Civil Service and Indian Political Service beginning in 1931.	"Shattock, J. S. H.--(John S. H.)--Interviews.; Gandhi, Mahatma, 1869-1948--Assassination.; Indian Civil Service.; India (Empire).--Indian Political Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Anglo-Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Clubs--India.; Courts--India.; Judges--India.; Household employees--India.; Interpersonal relations and culture--India.; Eccentrics and eccentricities--India.; Social classes--India.; Social classes--Great Britain.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"4 sound cassettes (3 hours, 18 minutes); Index (21 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John Shattock Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0583, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Sir Alec Ogilvie oral history interview, 1978"	"Ogilvie, Alec, b. 1913"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T853.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T854.ind.pdf	"Sir Alec Ogilvie was born in England, but went to India when he was three months old, where his father was assigned in the British Army's Foreign Political Department.  Educated in England, Ogilvie retruned to India in 1935 where he joined a British company in Calcutta.  He lived in Calcutta until 1965, except during World War II, when he served in the Indian Army from August 1940 to February 1946.  Ogilvie was a Japanese prisoner of war.  Though he began his career in the government, he spent most of his career in private business.  This arrangement resulted from his father's prediction that British political authority would diminish over the next several decades.  He lived in India a total of 36 years and reutned to England at the age of 51."	"Ogilvie, Alec, b. 1913--Interviews.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Businessmen--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Amusements--India.; Clubs--India.; Household employees--India.; World War, 1939-1945--Singapore--Prisoners and prisons, Japanese.; Kolkata (India)--Description and travel.; Kolkata (India)--Social life and customs--20th century.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Index (12 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Sir Alec Ogilvie Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0584, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Colonel and Mrs. C.A.K. Innes-Wilson oral history interview, 1978"	"Innes-Wilson, C. A. K., "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T853.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T854.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T855.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T856.ind.pdf	Colonel C.A.K. Innes-Wilson served in the British Army (Royal Engineers) and the Sruvey of India.  He was the first Surveyor General of Pakistan.  He retirned from that position in 1954.  Mrs. Innes-Wilson was the only person in her family who was not born in India.	"Innes-Wilson, C. A. K.--Interviews.; Survey of India.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Amusements--India.; Cartography--India.; Cartography--Pakistan.; Clubs--India.; Household employees--India.; Interpersonal relations and culture--India.; Surveying--India.; Surveying--Pakistan.; World War, 1939-1945--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"4 sound cassettes (3 hours, 9 minutes); Index (21 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Colonel and Mrs. C.A.K. Innes-Wilson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0585, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Major General R.C.A. Edge and Mrs. Patricia Edge oral history interview, 1978"	"Edge, R. C. A., "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T857.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T858.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T862.ind.pdf	"Major General R.C.A. Edge lived in India with his parents and returned to England with his family in 1920 when he was eight years old.  He returned to India as an adult and served in the British Army (Royal Engineers), the Bombay Sappers and Miners, and the Survey of India."	"Edge, R. C. A.--Interviews.; Edge, Patricia.; Great Britain.--Army--Military life.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Amusements--India.; Household employees--India.; Education--Great Britain.; Education--India.; Moving, Household--India.; India-Pakistan Conflict, 1947-1949.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"3 sound cassettes (1 hour, 44 minutes); Index (20 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Major General R.C.A. Edge and Mrs. Patricia Edge Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0586, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Major General R.C.A. Edge, Mrs. Patricia Edge, Reverend John Debrett, and Mrs. Diana Debrett oral history interview, 1978"	"Edge, R. C. A., "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T859.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T860.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T861.ind.pdf	"Major General R.C.A. Edge lived in India with his parents and returned to England with his family in 1920 when he was eight years old.  He returned to India as an adult and served in the British Army (Royal Engineers), the Bombay Sappers and Miners, and the Survey of India.  Reverend John Debrett served in the British Army."	"Edge, R. C. A.--Interviews.; Edge, Patricia--Interviews.; Debrett, John, d. 1822--Interviews.; Debrett, Diana--Interviews.; Great Britain.--Army--Military life.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; British--Education--India.; East Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Animals--India.; Household employees--India.; India-Pakistan Conflict, 1947-1949.; Interpersonal relations and culture--India.; Surveying--India.; World War, 1939-1945--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; Yemen, South--Social conditions--20th century."	"3 sound cassettes (3 hours, 53 minutes); Index (19 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Major General R.C.A. Edge, Mrs. Patricia Edge, Reverend John Debrett, and Mrs. Diana Debrett Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0587, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"G.N. Jackson oral history interview, 1978"	"Jackson, Noel, 1913-"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T862.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T861.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T863.ind.pdf	G.N. Jackson served with the Indian Police and Indian Political Service.  He was assistant political agent in South Waziristan.	"Jackson, Noel, 1913---Interviews.; India.--Army--Military life.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Amusements--India.; Clubs--India.; Frontier and pioneer life--India.; Household employees--India.; Hunting--India.; Police--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; South Waz{macr}irist{macr}an Agency (Pakistan)--Social conditions--20th century.; South America--Civilization--Foreign influences."	"3 sound cassettes (2 hours, 30 minutes); Index (20 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"G.N. Jackson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0588, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Philip Mason oral history interview, 1978"	"Mason, Philip, 1906-1999"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://karachi.s-asian.cam.ac.uk/archive/audio/mason.html; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T863.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T864.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T865.ind.pdf	"Philip Mason joined the Indian Civil Service in 1928 and served as Assistant Magistrate in the United Provinces, Under-Secretary in the War Department, Deputy Commissioner in the Himalayan district of Garhwal, Deputy Secretary in the Defense and War Department, Secretary to the Chiefs of Staff Committee, and Joint Secretary to the War Department.  He ended his career when India gained independence.  He was a well-known writer of many books, many focusing on India."	"Mason, Philip, 1906-1999--Interviews.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Anglo-Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Amusements--India.; Clubs--India.; Courts--India.; Interpersonal relations and culture--India.; Judges--India.; Social classes--India.; Social classes--Great Britain.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"3 sound cassettes (2 hours, 30 minutes); Index (22 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Philip Mason Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0589, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Sir George and Lady Abell oral history interview, 1978"	"Abell, George Edmond Brackenbury, 1904-1989"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T865.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T866.ind.pdf	"George Abell entered the Indian Civil Service in 1928 and spent nineteen years in India.  He later held an important place in the Indian Civil Service in the years prior to independence, serving as Private Secretary to the last two viceroys: Lord Wavell and Lord Mountbatten.  Lady Abell was from the Butler family; her uncle was the governor of the United Provinces of Burma and another uncle was governor of the Central Provinces."	"Abell, George Edmond Brackenbury, 1904-1989--Interviews.; India.--Army--Military life.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Agriculture--India.; Land tenure--India.; Courts--India.; Household employees--India.; India-Pakistan Conflict, 1947-1949.; Interpersonal relations and culture--India.; Police--India.; Great Britain--Officials and employees--Training of.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; Tibet Region--Foreign relations--India."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 38 minutes); Index (18 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Sir George and Lady Abell Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0590, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Mr. John Stubbs and Mrs. Kay Stubbs oral history interview, 1978"	"Stubbs, John, "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A."		http://karachi.s-asian.cam.ac.uk/archive/audio/stubbs.html; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T865.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T866.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T868.ind.pdf	John Stubbs served in the Indian Civil Service beginning in 1930.	"Stubbs, John--Interviews.; Stubbs, Kay--Interviews.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Agriculture--India.; Amusements--India.; Hunting--India.; Land tenure--India.; Medicine--India.; Missions--India.; Missionaries--India.; Paternalism--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; India--History--Quit India movement, 1942."	"4 sound cassettes (2 hours, 26 minutes); Index (36 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Mr. John Stubbs and Mrs. Kay Stubbs Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0591, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Robin Adair oral history interview, 1978"	"Adair, Robin, "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T867.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T868.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T869.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T870.ind.pdf	Robin Adair was accepted into the Indian Civil Service and served his probationary year at Cambridge.  He went to India in 1937 and was originally stationed in Bihar.  He later left the ICS for the Indian Army where he reached the rank of Major.	"Adair, Robin--Interviews.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; East Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Anglo-Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Amusements--India.; Automobile travel--Asia.; Courts--India.; Hinduism--India--Relations--Islam.; Household employees--India.; Hunting--India.; Interpersonal relations and culture--India.; Judges--India.; Land tenure--India.; Social classes--India.; Tea plantations--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; Nepal--Foreign relations--India."	"4 sound cassettes (3 hours, 20 minutes); Index (36 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Robin Adair Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0592, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Mr. Stephen Hatch-Barnwell and Mrs. Muriel Hatch-Barnwell oral history interview, 1978"	"Hatch-Barnwell, Stephen, -1909"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A."		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T869.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T870.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T871.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T869.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T870.ind.pdf; hhttp://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T871.ind.pdf	"Stephen Hatch-Barnwell (1909-1989) served in the Indian Civil Service in Bengal (1933-1947) and the Civil Service of Pakistan (1949-1966) after Partition.  He served with the provincial government of East Pakistan (Bangladesh).  ""The Last Guardian: Memoirs of Hatch-Barnwell, ICS of Bengal,"" a book of his memoirs, was published in 2011."	"Hatch-Barnwell, Stephen, 1909---Interviews.; Hatch-Barnwell, Muriel--Interviews.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Courtship--India.; Household employees--India.; Surveying--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; Bengal (India)--Politics and government--20th century.; Bangladesh--Politics and government--20th century."	"3 sound cassettes (1 hour, 37 minutes); Index (26 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Mr. Stephen Hatch-Barnwell and Mrs. Muriel Hatch-Barnwell Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0593, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Ivan Ellis Jones oral history interview, 1978"	"Jones, Ivan Ellis, "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T871.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T872.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T873.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T874.ind.pdf	Ivan Ellis Jones served in the Indian Civil Service between 1927 and 1947.	"Jones, Ivan Ellis--Interviews.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Agriculture--India.; Amusements--India.; Banks and banking, Cooperative--India.; Clubs--India.; Courts--India.; Dwellings--India.; Household employees--India.; Interpersonal relations and culture--India.; Land tenure--India.; Local government--India.; Social classes--India.; Social classes--Great Britain.; Sports--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; India--Languages."	"4 sound cassettes (3 hours, 45 minutes); Index (35 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ivan Ellis Jones Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0594, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Mr. Douglas C. Fairbairn and Mrs. Agnes Fairbairn oral history interview, 1978"	"Fairbairn, Douglas C., "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A."		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T874.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T873.ind.pdf	Douglas C. Fairbairn was a businessman in India between 1925 and 1956.	"Fairbairn, Douglas C.--Interviews.; Fairbairn, Agnes--Interviews.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Businessmen--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Anglo-Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Bachelors--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Agriculture--Economic aspects--India.; Boards of trade--India.; Business enterprises--India.; Household employees--India.; Industries--India.; Interpersonal relations and culture--India.; Tea plantations--India.; World War, 1939-1945--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (2 hours, 2 minutes); Index (17 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Mr. Douglas C. Fairbairn and Mrs. Agnes Fairbairn Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0595, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Major Christopher York oral history interview, 1978"	"York, Christopher, 1909-1999"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T874.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T875.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T876.ind.pdf	Christopher York served in the British Army.	"York, Christopher, 1909-1999--Interviews.; Great Britain.--Army--Cavalry.; Great Britain.--Army--Military life.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Amusements--India.; Household employees--India.; Hunting--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"3 sound cassettes (1 hour, 32 minutes); Index (26 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Major Christopher York Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0596, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Sir Charles Dalton and Lady Daphne Dalton oral history interview, 1978"	"Dalton, Charles James George, 1902-1989"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T876.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T875.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T877.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T878.ind.pdf	Sir Charles Dalton was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1921.  He was awarded the OBE in 1941 and the CBE in 1954.  Dalton was made Companion of the Bath in 1954 and knighted in 1967.  He and Lady Daphne had two daughters.	"Dalton, Charles James George, 1902-1989--Interviews.; Dalton, Daphne, b. 1910--Interviews.; India.--Army--Military life.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Amusements--India.; Animals--India.; Caste--India.; Household employees--India.; Hunting--India.; Railroad travel--India.; Social classes--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"4 sound cassettes (3 hours, 4 minutes); Index (35 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Sir Charles Dalton and Lady Daphne Dalton Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0597, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Sir Charles Dalton, Brigadier and Mrs. Herbert Dinwiddie oral history interview, 1978"	"Dalton, Charles James George, 1902-1989"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T878.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T877.ind.pdf	Sir Charles Dalton was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1921.  He was awarded the OBE in 1941 and the CBE in 1954.  Dalton was made Companion of the Bath in 1954 and knighted in 1967.  Brigadier Herbert Dinwiddie served in the Indian Army beginning in 1918.	"Dalton, Charles James George, 1902-1989--Interviews.; Dinwiddie, Herbert--Interviews.; India.--Army--Military life.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Corruption--India.; Rugs, Persian--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 5 minutes); Index (17 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Sir Charles Dalton, Brigadier and Mrs. Herbert Dinwiddie Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0598, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Mr. and Mrs. Geoffrey Lamarque oral history interview, 1978"	"Lamarque, Geoffrey, "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T878.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T879.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T880.ind.pdf	"Geoffrey Lamarque, MBE, served in the Indian Civil Service between 1937 and 1947.  Patricia Lamarque married Geoffrey Lamarque in 1945 and moved to India where he worked in the Indian Civil Service and for the Government of India at New Delhi and Calcutta.  After Indian independence in 1947, when her husband became a career diplomat, the Lamarques worked and lived in Melbourne, Karachi, Canada, Nigeria and Rome."	"Lamarque, Geoffrey--Interviews.; Lamarque, Patricia, 1916 or 7-2006--Interviews.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Anglo-Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Amusements--India.; Clubs--India.; Household employees--India.; Interpersonal relations and culture--India.; Social classes--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; Chennai (India)--Politics and government--20th century.; Chennai (India)--Social conditions--20th century."	"3 sound cassettes (2 hours, 15 minutes); Index (26 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Mr. and Mrs. Geoffrey Lamarque Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0599, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Brigadier Frank McCallum, Mrs. Sybilla McCallum, Benjamin and Lady Bromhead oral history interview, 1978"	"McCallum, F. 1900-1983"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T879.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T880.ind.pdf	"Brigadier Frank McCallum served in the Indian Army, being commissioned in 1919.  During his career he served as commanding officer of the 10th, 60th, and 24th Indian Brigades; Brigadier General Staff Northern Command; and Director of Staff duties in Pakistan.  Sybilla McCallum (n{acute}ee Barrow) was the daughter of General Sir George de Symons Barrow and Sybilla Way.; Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Benjamin Denis Gonville Bromhead was the son of Major Edward Gonville Bromhead and Emily May Hosking.  He married Nancy Mary Lough, daughter of Thomas Seon Lough, on 6 August 1938.  He fought in the Iraq Campaign in 1920 and in the Waziristan Campaign between 1922 and 1924, where he was wounded.  He fought in the North-West Frontier in 1930, where he was mentioned in despatches.  He gained the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel in the service of the Frontier Force Regiment, Indian Army.  He succeeded to the title of 5th Baronet Bromhead, of Thurlby Hall, co. Lincoln on 31 July 1935.  He fought in the Waziristan Campaign in 1937, where he was mentioned in despatches.  He was Commandant of the Zhob Militia, Baluchistan between 1940 and 1943.  He was invested as a Officer, Order of the British Empire (O.B.E.) in 1943.  He was Political Agent for North Waziristan between February 1945 and April 1947."	"McCallum, F.--(Frank), 1900-1983--Interviews.; McCallum, Sybilla Barrow--Interviews.; Bromhead, Benjamin Denis Gonville, 1900-1981--Interviews.; Bromhead, Nancy Mary Lough, d. 2005--Interviews.; India.--Army--Military life.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Afghan Wars--Personal narratives, British.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 34 minutes); Index (16 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Brigadier Frank McCallum, Mrs. Sybilla McCallum, Benjamin and Lady Bromhead Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0600, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Brigadier Frank McCallum and Mrs. Sybilla McCallum oral history interview, 1978"	"McCallum, F. 1900-1983"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T880.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T881.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T882.ind.pdf	"Brigadier Frank McCallum served in the Indian Army, being commissioned in 1919.  During his career he served as commanding officer of the 10th, 60th, and 24th Indian Brigades; Brigadier General Staff Northern Command; and Director of Staff duties in Pakistan.  Sybilla McCallum (n{acute}ee Barrow) was the daughter of General Sir George de Symons Barrow and Sybilla Way."	"McCallum, F.--(Frank), 1900-1983--Interviews.; McCallum, Sybilla Barrow--Interviews.; India.--Army--Military life.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Amusements--India.; Cooking--India.; Gurkha soldiers--India.; Household employees--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"3 sound cassettes (1 hour, 12 minutes); Index (23 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Brigadier Frank McCallum and Mrs. Sybilla McCallum Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0601, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Audrey Spence oral history interview, 1978"	"Spence, Audrey, "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T882.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T881.ind.pdf	"Audrey Spence spent her childhood in India, as her father served with the Indian Civil Service."	"Spence, Audrey--Interviews.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; British--Family relationships--India.; Children--Family relationships--India.; Children--Family relationships--Great Britain.; Boarding schools--Great Britain.; Education--Great Britain.; Household employees--India.; Separation (Psychology) in children--Great Britain.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 15 minutes); Index (15 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Audrey Spence Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0602, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Edith Dixon oral history interview, 1978"	"Dixon, Edith, "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T882.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T883.ind.pdf	Edith Dixon spent her childhood in India.  Her father was a railway executive and she had other relatives in the East India Company.	"Dixon, Edith--Interviews.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; British--Family relationships--India.; Children--Family relationships--India.; Children--Family relationships--Great Britain.; Boarding schools--Great Britain.; Education--Great Britain.; Household employees--India.; Medical care--India.; Railroads--India.; Railroad travel--India.; Social classes--India.; Social classes--Great Britain.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 31 minutes); Index (15 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Edith Dixon Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0603, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Right Reverend Lesslie Newbigin oral history interview, 1978"	"Newbigin, Lesslie, "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://karachi.s-asian.cam.ac.uk/archive/audio/newbigin.html; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T884.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T883.ind.pdf	"James Edward Lesslie Newbigin attended Queens College, Cambridge, and was ordained by the Presbytery of Edinburgh to work as a Church of Scotland missionary in Madras, India.  He was Bishop of Madura (Madurai) and Ramnad (Ramanathapuram), Church of South India, between 1947 and 1959.  In 1959 he became the General Secretary of the International Missionary Council and oversaw its integration with the World Council of Churches, to which he became Associate General Secretary.  He remained in Geneva until 1965, when he returned to India as Bishop of Madras, where he remained until his retirement in 1974."	"Newbigin, Lesslie--Interviews.; Church of Scotland--Missions--India.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Anglo-Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Caste--India.; Missionaries--India.; Missions--India.; Hinduism--India.; Household employees--India.; Interpersonal relations and culture--India.; Social classes--India.; India--History--Autonomy and independence movements.; India--History--British occupation, 1765-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 25 minutes); Index (10 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Right Reverend Lesslie Newbigin Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0604, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Arthur Barlow oral history interview, 1978"	"Barlow, Arthur, "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T883.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T884.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T885.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T886.ind.pdf	"Arthur Barlow served in the Indian Civil Service from 1929 to 1933, before transferring to the Political Service in western India.  He inspected jails, schools, colleges, canals, and bridges."	"Barlow, Arthur--Interviews.; Indian Civil Service.; India (Empire).--Indian Political Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; Africa--Politics and government--1945-1960.; Chaghchar{macr}an (Afghanistan)--Description and travel."	"4 sound cassettes (2 hours, 4 minutes); Index (20 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Arthur Barlow Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0605, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Colonel and Mrs. John R. Hainsworth oral history interview, 1978"	"Hainsworth, John R., "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T886.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T885.ind.pdf	Colonel John R. Hainsworth served in the British Army.  He was posted to India in 1922 as a Royal Engineers officer and later did civilian engineering projects with the Public Works Department.	"Hainsworth, John R.--Interviews.; Great Britain.--Army--Military life.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Borderlands--India.; Earthquakes--Pakistan--Quetta.; Engineers--India.; Household employees--India.; Hunting--India.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; Peshawar District (Pakistan)--Politics and government--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 59 minutes); Index (10 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Colonel and Mrs. John R. Hainsworth Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0606, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewees and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Doris G. Harlow oral history interview, 1978"	"Harlow, Doris G., "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T887.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T888.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T889.ind.pdf	"Doris G. Harlow was the wife of a forestry officer and her son, Geoffrey Harlow, served in the Indian Army."	"Harlow, Doris G.--Interviews.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Clubs--India.; Courtship--India.; Foresters--India.; Household employees--India.; Marriage--India.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"3 sound cassettes (1 hour, 25 minutes); Index (19 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Doris G. Harlow Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0607, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Kate Smith-Pearse oral history interview, 1978"	"Smith-Pearse, Kate, "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T888.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T889.ind.pdf	Kate Smith-Pearse was the wife of an Indian Education Service member.	"Smith-Pearse, Kate--Interviews.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Amusements--India.; Cooking--India.; Country life--India.; Household employees--India.; Hunting--India.; Medical care--India.; Private schools--India.; Rural health services--India.; Tiger hunting--India.; India--Kings and rulers.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 28 minutes); Index (13 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Kate Smith-Pearse Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0608, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Keith Roy oral history interview, 1978"	"Roy, Keith, b. 1912"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T890.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T889.ind.pdf	Keith Roy served in the Indian Civil Service beginning in 1934.  He was the middle son of Sannyasi Charan Roy and Constance Annie Scott.	"Roy, Keith, b. 1912--Interviews.; Moon, Penderel, 1905-1987.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Businessmen--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Diplomatic and consular service, Indian.; Diplomatic gifts--India.; Political corruption--India.; Poverty--India--Kolkata.; India--Economic conditions--1918-1947.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Kings and rulers.; Kolkata (India)--Economic conditions--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 59 minutes); Index (12 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Keith Roy Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0609, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Lieutenant Colonel John Masters oral history interview, 1978"	"Masters, John, 1914-1983"	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://karachi.s-asian.cam.ac.uk/archive/audio/masters.html; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T891.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T892.ind.pdf	"John Masters served in the Indian Army.  He wrote several autobiographical books and novels after his years in India.  Two of his best-known novels are ""The Deceivers"" and ""Bhowani Junction."""	"Masters, John, 1914-1983--Interviews.; India.--Army--Military life.; Indian Civil Service.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Anglo-Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; East Indians--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Fiction--Technique.; India--In literature.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (2 hours, 20 minutes); Index (9 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lieutenant Colonel John Masters Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0610, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Roy Metcalf oral history interview, 1978"	"Metcalf, Roy, "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T893.ind.pdf; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T894.ind.pdf	Roy Metcalf served in the Indian Army and the Indian Political Service.	"Metcalf, Roy--Interviews.; India.--Army--Military life.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Tribes--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Women--India--Social life and customs--20th century.; Caste--India.; Ghosts--India.; Hunting--India.; Social classes--India.; India--Politics and government--1919-1947.; India--Social conditions--20th century.; India--Religion--20th century.; Hong Kong (China)--Politics and government--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (2 hours, 16 minutes); Index (11 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Roy Metcalf Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0611, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
British Voices from South Asia Oral History Project	"Michael Underhill oral history interview, 1978"	"Underhill, Michael, "	1978	"De Caro, F.A., -1943; Jordan, R. A.,"		http://karachi.s-asian.cam.ac.uk/archive/audio/underhill.html; http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/britishvoices/T842.ind.pdf	Michael Underhill served in the Indian Army.	"Underhill, Michael--Interviews.; India.--Army--Military life.; British--India--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 sound cassette (8 minutes); Index (4 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Michael Underhill Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1910, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Copyright and property rights are assigned to the interviewee and jointly to the Centre of South Asian Studies at the University of Cambridge and the Louisiana State University and A & M College Libraries and its successor agencies.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Brusly Centennial Oral History Project	"Evanna Jackson-Hodges oral history interview, 1996"	"Jackson-Hodges, Evanna, -1948"	1996	"Bourgeois, Joanne"	"Jackson-Hodges discusses her family, growing up in Brusly, and attending segregated schools in Brusly and Cohn High School in Port Allen.  She primarily discusses attending Brusly High School in 1966, including her academic work and reception by white students, teachers, and policemen.  Jackson-Hodges also describes her attendance at Southern University and teaching in a middle school for the Stockton Unified School District."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/brusly/Jackson-Hodges_Evanna_T1075.abs.pdf	"Evanna Jackson-Hodges was born in Brusly, La., in 1948 to Evanna and Ferman Jackson.  After attending segregated schools through the eleventh grade, Jackson-Hodges enrolled in the integrated Brusly Public School System.  She was the only African American to attend Brusly High School in 1966.  Jackson-Hodges graduted from Southern University in 1970.  She moved to California and taught in the Stockton Unified School District for over 27 years.  She later received a M.S. degree in educational administration."	"Jackson-Hodges, Evanna, 1948---Interviews.; Cohn High School (Port Allen, La.); Brusly High School (Brusly, La.); African Americans--Education--Louisiana--West Baton Rouge Parish.; Public schools--Louisiana--West Baton Rouge Parish.; Segregation in education--Louisiana--West Baton Rouge Parish.; School integration--Louisiana--West Baton Rouge Parish.; Brusly (La.)--History--20th century.; West Baton Rouge Parish (La.)--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (55 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Evanna Jackson-Hodges Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0741, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewer and interviewee and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Brusly Centennial Oral History Project	"Dolores Watson Grimes oral history interview, 1997"	"Grimes, Dolores Watson, -1933"	1997	"Bourgeois, Joanne"	"Grimes discusses her memories of Brusly, La.; her education, particularly at Cohn High School; and her role as one of the first African-American teachers to integrate the faculty at Port Allen High School."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/brusly/Grimes_Dolores_T1076.abs.pdf	"Dolores Watson Grimes was a native of Brusly, La., who attended Lukeville Elementary School and Cohn High School.  She later attended Southern University and married Doc Grimes Jr.  She became one of the first African-American teachers to integrate the faculty at Port Allen High School in 1968."	"Grimes, Dolores Watson, 1933---Interviews.; Cohn High School (Port Allen, La.); Port Allen High School (Port Allen, La.); African Americans--Education--Louisiana--West Baton Rouge Parish.; Public schools--Louisiana--West Baton Rouge Parish.; Segregation in education--Louisiana--West Baton Rouge Parish.; School integration--Louisiana--West Baton Rouge Parish.; Brusly (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Transcript (41 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Dolores Watson Grimes Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0742, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer and her heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
"Four Corners, Louisiana, Oral History Project"	"Joseph M. Davis oral history interview, 1993"	"Davis, Joseph M., "	1993	"LaCour-Patrick, Adrienne, -1954"	"In the interview, Davis describes working as a child; memories of buildings in Four Corners; his college career; involvement in his family trucking business, and challenges of breaking into the white dominated trucking industry; federal programs for minorities; his political involvement; family values; and his work ethic.; Davis discusses the history of South Coast Plantation including early operations and purchase by Goldsby, then Prudential, and his parents' employment on the plantation; plantation life in the 1950s and 1960s; use of a pesticide called ""Proud"" on Sugarcane, and skepticism about organic treatment of sugarcane; the price of sugarcane; and his expectations for the community of Four Corners."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/adriennelacour/Davis_Joseph_T343.abs.pdf	"A resident of Four Corners, a community south of Franklin, Saint Mary Parish, La., Davis owned a trucking company, and was a police juror for 20 years."	African American agricultural laborers--Louisiana--Saint Mary Parish.; African Americans--Louisiana--Saint Mary Parish--Social life and customs.; African Americans--Education--Louisiana.; Sugarcane--Louisiana.; Sugar growing--Louisiana.; Trucking--Louisiana.; Sugarcane--Diseases and pests--Control--Louisiana.; Saint Mary Parish (La.)--Social conditions.; South Coast Plantation (La.)	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Index (4 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Joseph M. Davis Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0232, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
"Four Corners, Louisiana, Oral History Project"	"Leonard Martin oral history interview, 1993"	"Martin, Leonard, -1908"	1993	"LaCour-Patrick, Adrienne, -1954"	"The interview records Martin's account of the sale of his great-grandfather as a slave.  Martin describes his education; his father's career as the first black schoolteacher in the area; work in sugarcane farming; a dance-hall operator, Alice LeBaude; forms of transportation, including buggy, jumper, and surrey; the marriage of his white maternal grandmother to a Native American; the hospitality of his white uncles; and his own long marriage.; Martin discusses his work in Texas during slow times on the sugarcane farm, life in residence with his father, the use of drugs in Four Corners, All Saints Day, and his religion."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/adriennelacour/Martin_Leonard_T391.abs.pdf	"Sugarcane farmer and great-grandson of a slave, Leonard Martin was a resident of Four Corners, Louisiana, an unincorporated community south of Franklin, Saint Mary Parish, Louisiana."	Sugarcane--Louisiana.; African Americans--Louisiana--Saint Mary Parish--Social life and customs.; African American agricultural laborers--Louisiana.; Sugar growing--Louisiana.; Slave trade--Louisiana.; African Americans--Education--Louisiana.; Carriages and carts--Louisiana.; Saint Mary Parish (La.)--Social conditions.	1 sound cassette (1.5  hours); Index (4 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Leonard Martin Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0281, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
"Four Corners, Louisiana, Oral History Project"	"Louis Comeaux oral history interview, 1993"	"Comeaux, Louis, -1911"	1993	"LaCour-Patrick, Adrienne, -1954"	The interview records recollections of Comeaux's childhood as the son of a cane farmer.  He recalls his work in an Avery Island salt mine; farming as a sharecropper; the routine of sugarcane planting and harvest; cane syrup production; farm labor; early transportation; traditional Cajun foods including couche-couche and cracklins; the boucherie; and social conditions in Four Corners.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/adriennelacour/Comeaux_Louis_T1080.abs.pdf	"Retired sugarcane sharecropper and life-long resident of Four Corners, an unincorporated community south of Franklin, Louisiana."	"Sugarcane--Louisiana.; Sugar growing--Louisiana.; Sugar--Manufacture and refining--Louisiana.; Cooking, Cajun; Agricultural laborers--Louisiana.; Saint Mary Parish (La.)--Social conditions."	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Index (3 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Louis Comeaux Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0744, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
"Four Corners, Louisiana, Oral History Project"	"Noland Lockett oral history interview, 1993"	"Lockett, Noland, 1938-2012"	1993	"LaCour-Patrick, Adrienne, -1954"	"Lockett discusses the logging industry at Four Corners; the origin and history of the Lockett clan; local sugar growing and the history, extent, and sale of South Coast Plantation; service by African Americans in the Korean War; debt peonage and the plantation store system; exodus from Four Corners area farms; race relations; his seminary experience; and plans for a private school in the area.; Lockett recalls childhood memories of Mardi Gras; gambling and his father; three-card Kotch; recreation during childhood; the work ethic of his youth; self-provisioning of families; and social conditions of his community."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/adriennelacour/Lockett_Noland_T393.abs.pdf	"Resident of Four Corners, a community south of Franklin, Saint Mary Parish, Louisiana.  Lockett, the great-grandson of a migrant sugarcane worker from the Caribbean, was a building contractor and former associate dean of a junior college."	"Lockett, Noland, 1938-2012--Interviews.; African Americans--Louisiana--Saint Mary Parish--Social life and culture.; African American agricultural laborers--Louisiana.; African Americans--Education--Louisiana.; Sugar growing--Louisiana.; Gambling--Louisiana.; Korean War, 1950-1953--Participation, African American.; Logging--Louisiana.; Saint Mary Parish (La.)--Social conditions.; South Coast Plantation (La.)"	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Index (7 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Noland Lockett Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0284, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
"Four Corners, Louisiana, Oral History Project"	"Willie Jackson oral history interview, 1993"	"Jackson, Willie, -1889"	1993	"LaCour-Patrick, Adrienne, -1954"	"Jackson describes his childhood in Four Corners, work cultivating and harvesting sugarcane, and raising crops with his parents. He describes early transportation by horse, foot, and boat; churches in the area; life on Sterling Plantation; credit at the plantation store; illnesses; marriage customs; gambling on the card game ""Kotch""; use of French language; French language work songs; and schooling."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/adriennelacour/Jackson_Willie_T392.1.abs.pdf	"Resident of Four Corners, an unincorporated community south of Franklin, St. Mary Parish, Louisiana.  Willie Jackson and his daughter, Emma Dell Peters lived on Sterling Plantation; Jackson's grandparents were slaves."	Plantation life--Louisiana.; African Americans--Louisiana--Saint Mary Parish--Social life and customs.; African Americans--Music.; Sugarcane--Cultivation and harvesting--Louisiana.; Slavery--Louisiana--Saint Mary Parish.; Gambling--Louisiana.; Cajun French dialect.; Work songs--Louisiana.; Sugar growing--Louisiana.; African American agricultural laborers--Louisiana--Saint Mary Parish.; Saint Mary Parish (La.)--Social conditions.; Sterling Plantation (La.)	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Index (3 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Willie Jackson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0282, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"L.O. Fusilier oral history interview, 1986"	"Fusilier, L. O., 1926-2011"	1986	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Gary Huey conducted the interview as part of a series for a biography on Gillis Long.  Fusilier discusses why he thinks Long lost two gubernatorial elections.  Fusilier also discusses Long's liberalism and work ethic, his congressional service, and recalls their friendship, which began at LSU in 1942."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Fusilier_LO.pdf	"L.O. Fusilier attended Louisiana State University in the early to mid 1940s, finishing law school in 1947 before reaching the age of 21.  At LSU, Fusilier met Gillis Long, and they continued their friendship after graduation.  Fusilier also financially supported Long's campaigns.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971."	"Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Fusilier, L. O., 1926-2011--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Elections--Louisiana--History--20th century.; Legislators--United States.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (25 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"L. O. Fusilier Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1191,Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"John B. Breaux oral history interview, 1987"	"Breaux, John B. "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Part of a series conducted by Gary Huey, the interview was for a biography on Gillis Long.  Breaux discusses Long's professional career (including his running for governor in 1971, his campaigns for Congress, and his service there) and love of politics, as well as his effectiveness at fundraising and involvement in the Democratic Leadership Council."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Breaux_John.pdf	"John Breaux, a Democrat, U.S. representative (1972-1986), and U.S. senator (elected in 1986) from Louisiana, graduated from Louisiana State University Law School in 1967.  He met Gillis Long in the late 1960s, when Long was running for governor and Breaux was working for Edwin Edwards.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971."	"Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Democratic Party (La.); Elections--Louisiana--History--20th century.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (20 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John B. Breaux Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1201,Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Jimmy Gill oral history interview, 1987"	"Gill, Jimmy, "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Jimmy Gill discusses Long's gubernatorial campaign in 1964, the ""1979 Committee,"" American foreign trade policy issues, Louisiana politicians, race and civil rights issues, and Catherine Long's political participation."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Gill_Jimmy.pdf	"Jimmy Gill worked with Gillis Long as an organizer for his gubernatorial campaign in 1964 and as chairman of Long's ""1979 Committee,"" a gubernatorial campaign exploratory committee in 1978.  Gill worked in the field of international business.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971."	"Gill, Jimmy--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Long, Catherine Small, 1924-; Political action committees--Louisiana.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Politicians' spouses--Louisiana--Political activity.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century.; United States--Commercial policy--History--20th century."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (53 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jimmy Gill Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1172, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Jesse Bankston and Larry Bankston oral history interview, 1986"	"Bankston, Jesse H. 1907-2010"	1986	"Bankston, Larry,; Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Jesse Bankston and Larry Bankston discuss Long's gubernatorial campaigns in 1964 and 1971; Louisiana politicians, especially Russell Long and John McKeithen; Long's campaign fundraising talents; and Democratic Party politics."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Bankston_Jesse_&_Larry.pdf	"Jesse Bankston was campaign manager for Gillis Long when he ran for governor of Louisiana in 1964.  His son, Larry, also worked with Long.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971."	"Bankston, Jesse H.--(Jesse Homer), 1907-2010--Interviews.; Bankston, Larry--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Long, Russell B.; McKeithen, John J.--(John Julian), 1918-1999; Democratic Party (U.S.); Campaign funds--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (50 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jesse Bankston and Larry Bankston Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1173, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Steve Bordelon oral history interview, 1986"	"Bordelon, Steve, "	1986	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Bordelon discusses Gillis Long's skills at political organization, his election to Congress in 1972, his health, his love of fishing, and his contributions to Louisiana."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Bordelon_Steve.pdf	Steve Bordelon was a Louisiana politician and friend of Gillis Long.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Bordelon, Steve--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; United States.--Congress.--House--Elections, 1972.; Fishing--Louisiana--Anecdotes.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (13 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Steve Bordelon Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1174, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"W.K. Brown oral history interview, 1986"	"Brown, W. K., 1923-2011"	1986	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Brown discusses his friendship with Gillis Long, Long's campaigning for student body president at Louisiana State University, his views on civil rights and social programs and their effect on his politics, his health problems, his gubernatorial campaigns, and Catherine Long's political participation."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Brown_WK.pdf	"W.K. Brown, a Louisiana politician and friend of Gillis Long, first met him at Louisiana State University in the mid 1940s.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971."	"Brown, W. K., 1923-2011--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Long, Catherine Small, 1924-; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; College student government--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Public welfare--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (37 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"W.K. Brown Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1175, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Carson Killen oral history interview, 1987"	"Killen, Carson, "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Killen discusses his association with Gillis Long between 1963 and 1985; Long's views and votes on civil rights, social programs, and foreign policy; his work within the Democratic Party; his relationships with Louisiana politicians; his accomplishments in the House of Representatives; and his fund raising and campaigning."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Killen_Carson.pdf	Carson Killen was Gillis Long's administrative assistant from 1977 to 1985.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Killen, Carson--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Democratic Party (U.S.); United States.--Congress.--House.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Public welfare--Louisiana.; Campaign funds--Louisiana.; Political campaigns--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; United States--Foreign relations--History--20th century."	3 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (71 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Carson Killen Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1176, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Floyd and Margery Long oral history interview, 1986"	"Long, Floyd, "	1986	"Long, Margery,; Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Floyd and Margery Long recount memories of Gillis Long's life as well as reading from his letters.  They discuss the history of the Long family, growing up in Winn Parish during the Depression, Gillis Long's attendance and political campaigning at Louisiana State University, his service in Europe during World War II, his relationships with Earl and Russell Long, his close ties to black voters, his health problems, Catherine Long's political participation, and Gillis Long's political career."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Long_Floyd_&_Margery.pdf	Floyd Long is Gillis Long's brother.  Margery Long is Floyd Long's wife.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Long, Floyd--Interviews.; Long, Margery--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Long, Catherine Small, 1924-; Long, Earl Kemp, 1895-1960.; Long, Russell B.; Long family.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; College student government--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Depressions--1929--Louisiana--Winn Parish.; World War, 1939-1945--Europe--Personal narratives, American.; African Americans--Louisiana--Politics and government.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	3 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (141 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Floyd and Margery Long Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1177, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Joe Ticheli oral history interview, 1986"	"Ticheli, Joe, "	1986	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Ticheli discusses Gillis Long's personality and political views; his relationships with Russell, Earl, and Speedy Long and other Louisiana politicians; the members of the Long family; Gillis Long's gubernatorial campaigns; Long's opinions of several presidents; and Ticheli's work on Long's Congressional staff."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Ticheli_Joe.pdf	"Joe Ticheli was a staff assistant to Gillis Long from 1978 to 1985.  He remained on the staff of Long's widow, Cathy, after Long's death.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971."	"Ticheli, Joe--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Long, Russell B.; Long, Earl Kemp, 1895-1960.; Long, Speedy O.--(Speedy Oteria), 1928-2006.; Long family.; United States.--Congress.--House--Officials and employees.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	3 sound cassettes (2.5 hours); Transcript (86 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Joe Ticheli Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1178, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Winston Riddick oral history interview, 1987"	"Riddick, Winston W., "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Riddick discusses civil rights politics in Louisiana; Louisiana politicians, political factions, and political science; Gillis Long's gubernatorial campaigns; Long's relationships with John McKeithen, Edwin Edwards, and other Louisiana politicians; his Congressional staff; his work for the Democratic Party; his opinions and roles in wider national political events; and Louisiana election corruption."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Riddick_Winston.pdf	Winston Riddick was a political science professor at Louisiana State University and political ally of Gillis Long.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Riddick, Winston W.--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; McKeithen, John J.--(John Julian), 1918-1999; Edwards, Edwin W.; Long family.; United States.--Congress.--House--Officials and employees.; Democratic Party (U.S.); African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Elections--Corrupt practices--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; United States--Politics and government--20th century."	3 sound cassettes (2.5 hours); Transcript (91 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Winston Riddick Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1179, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"William Morgan oral history interview, 1987"	"Morgan, William, "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Morgan discusses his association with Gillis Long between 1970 and 1985, Long's gubernatorial campaigns, his relationship with John McKeithen, the issue of civil rights in Louisiana politics, Long's political fundraising, his work for the Democratic Party, his participation on foreign policy issues, his work in Congress, and his staff."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Morgan_William.pdf	William Morgan was a political consultant for Gillis Long and Long's appointee as majority counsel for the Joint Economic Committee from 1972 to 1976.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Morgan, William--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; McKeithen, John J.--(John Julian), 1918-1999; United States.--Congress.--House--Officials and employees.; Democratic Party (U.S.); African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Campaign funds--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; United States--Foreign relations--History--20th century."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (68 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"William Morgan Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1180, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Robert d'Hemecourt and Cecil Warren oral history interview, 1986"	"D'Hemecourt, Robert, "	1986	"Warren, Cecil,; Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Robert d'Hemecourt and Cecil Warren discuss Gillis Long's gubernatorial campaigns, his political aptitude, his civil rights positions, his Congressional staff, his relationships with Louisiana politicians especially Edwin Edwards, Cathy Long, Gillis Long's relationship with his constituents, his campaign fund raising, and his mentorship of Carson Killen."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/d%27Hemecourt_&_Warren.pdf	Robert d'Hemecourt and Cecil Warren were political allies and strategists for Gillis Long.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"D'Hemecourt, Robert--Interviews.; Warren, Cecil--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Long, Catherine Small, 1924-; Edwards, Edwin W.; Killen, Carson.; United States.--Congress.--House--Constituent communication.; United States.--Congress.--House--Officials and employees.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Campaign funds--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (81 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Robert d'Hemecourt and Cecil Warren Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1181, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Jimmy Long oral history interview, 1987"	"Long, Jimmy D., "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Jimmy Long discusses Gillis Long's efforts on behalf of civil rights legislation; Long's relationships with other Louisiana politicians, especially Speedy O. Long; the Long family; Gillis Long's work for the Democratic Party; and his gubernatorial campaigns."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Long_Jimmy.pdf	Jimmy Long was Gillis Long's cousin and a Louisiana state representative for Natchitoches.  He later was chair of the Board of Supervisors for the University of Louisiana System.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Long, Jimmy D.--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Long, Speedy O.--(Speedy Oteria), 1928-2006.; Long family.; Democratic Party (U.S.); African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (28 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jimmy Long Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1182, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Herman Kohlmeyer oral history interview, 1986"	"Kohlmeyer, Herman, "	1986	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Herman Kohlmeyer discusses Gillis Long's work for Kohlmeyer's investment banking firm, the impact of childhood poverty on Long, the impact of civil rights issues on Long's political career, campaign funding, and Long's political views."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Kohlmeyer_Herman.pdf	"Herman Kohlmeyer was a New Orleans businessman and friend of Gillis Long.  He employed Long with Kohlmeyer & Co., his investment banking firm, between 1968 and 1971.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971."	"Kohlmeyer, Herman--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Kohlmeyer & Co.; Poverty--Louisiana--Psychological aspects.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Campaign funds--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (32 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Herman Kohlmeyer Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1183, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"John A. and Arlene Mmahat oral history interview, 1986"	"Mmahat, John A., "	1986	"Mmahat, Arlene,; Huey, Gary, -1946"	"John and Arlene Mmahat discuss Gillis Long's gubernatorial campaigns; his political positions; his relationships with other Louisiana politicians, especially John McKeithen, Edwin Edwards, and Russell Long; developments in Louisiana politics during Long's tenure, especially in the state legislature; Long's work with the Democratic Party; his staff; his health; and the election of Dave Treen as governor in 1979."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Mmahat_John_&_Arlene.pdf	John and Arlene Mmahat were close friends and supporters of Gillis Long.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Mmahat, John A.--Interviews.; Mmahat, Arlene--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; McKeithen, John J.--(John Julian), 1918-1999; Edwards, Edwin W.; Long, Russell B.; Treen, David C., 1928-2009; United States.--Congress.--House--Officials and employees.; Louisiana.--Legislature.; Democratic Party (U.S.); Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	3 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (106 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John A. and Arlene Mmahat Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1184, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"John Saunders and Larry Vidrine oral history interview, 1986"	"Saunders, John "	1986	"Vidrine, Larry,; Huey, Gary, -1946"	"John Saunders and Larry Vidrine discuss Gillis Long's political views and methods; his liberal voting record on race issues; various Louisiana politicians, especially John McKeithen, deLesseps Morrison, Edwin Edwards, and Speedy Long; Louisiana gubernatorial elections; Gillis Long's accomplishments as a Congressman; and other Louisiana political subjects."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Saunders_&_Vidrine.pdf	John Saunders and Larry Vidrine were associates of Gillis Long in the 1970s and 1980s.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Saunders, John--Interviews.; Vidrine, Larry--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; McKeithen, John J.--(John Julian), 1918-1999; Edwards, Edwin W.; Long, Speedy O.--(Speedy Oteria), 1928-2006.; Morrison, deLesseps S.--(deLesseps Story), 1912-1964.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (37 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John Saunders and Larry Vidrine Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1185, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Delia Long Sanders oral history interview, 1986"	"Sanders, Delia Long, "	1986	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Delia Long Sanders discusses Gillis Long's childhood and death; Gillis Long's father, Floyd Long; Earl Long; and the Long family."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Sanders_Delia_Long.pdf	Delia Long Sanders was Gillis Long's aunt.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Sanders, Delia Long--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Long, Floyd.; Long, Earl Kemp, 1895-1960.; Long family."	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Transcript (22 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Delia Long Sanders Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1186, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Joe McPherson oral history interview, 1986"	"McPherson, William Joseph, "	1986	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"McPherson discusses Gillis Long's effectiveness as a Congressman, his gubernatorial and Congressional campaigns, and the political aspects of race relations in Louisiana."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/McPherson_Joe.pdf	Joe McPherson was a Louisiana state senator for Rapides Parish in 1984-1996 and 2000- .  He was a constituent of Gillis Long when Long served in Congress.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"McPherson, William Joseph--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; United States.--Congress.--House--Elections, 1964.; United States.--Congress.--House--Elections, 1972.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (22 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Joe McPherson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1187, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Harry Connick Sr. oral history interview, 1986"	"Connick, Harry, -1926"	1986	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Connick discusses his work as Gillis Long's New Orleans campaign manager during his gubernatorial campaign in 1971; Long's populist political positions, especially on civil rights; Louisiana politicians, especially Edwin Edwards; and Gillis Long's political fund raising and networking skills."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Connick_Harry_Sr.pdf	"Harry Connick Sr. was district attorney for Orleans Parish, La. from 1974 to 2003.  He served in the Navy during World War II and received his law degree from Tulane University in 1961.  He was Gillis Long's New Orleans campaign manager during his gubernatorial campaign in 1971.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971."	"Connick, Harry, 1926---Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Edwards, Edwin W.; Campaign management--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Campaign funds--Louisiana.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (42 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Harry Connick Sr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1188, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Robert Bookman oral history interview, 1986"	"Bookman, Robert, "	1986	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Bookman discusses his relationship with Gillis and Cathy Long, Gillis Long's support for civil rights, Cathy Long's decision not to run for office after her husband's death, Gillis Long's health, Bookman's assisting Long with constituents' requests, Long's religiosity, and Bookman's various occupations over his lifetime."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Bookman_Robert.pdf	Robert Bookman was Gillis and Cathy Long's gardener.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Bookman, Robert--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Long, Catherine Small, 1924-; United States.--Congress.--House--Constituent communication.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (35 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Robert Bookman Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1189, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"William Wright Jr. oral history interview, 1987"	"Wright, William, "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Wright discusses Gillis Long's gubernatorial and Congressional campaigns, numerous Louisiana politicians of the time, civil rights as a political issue, Long's political talents and methods, and issues within the national Democratic Party."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Wright_William.pdf	William Wright Jr. was Gillis Long's cousin.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Wright, William--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; United States.--Congress.--House--Elections.; Democratic Party (U.S.); African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (38 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"William Wright Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1190, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"J.W. ""Cotton"" Merchant oral history interview, 1987"	"Merchant, J. W., "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Merchant discusses civil rights and its influence on Louisiana politics, he and his father's support of civil rights, Gillis Long's gubernatorial and Congressional campaigns, Long's relationship with several Louisiana politicians, redistricting of the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana, political infighting in the Long family, Gillis Long's political positions, his health, and his service to his constituents."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Merchant_JW.pdf	"J.W. ""Cotton"" Merchant worked with Gillis Long in the early 1960s when Long was a Congressman.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971."	"Merchant, J. W.--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Long family.; United States.--Congress.--House--Elections.; United States.--Congress.--House--Election districts.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Apportionment (Election law)--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (54 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"J.W. ""Cotton"" Merchant Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1192, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Leanita Shelby oral history interview, 1989"	"Shelby, Leanita, "	1989	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Shelby discusses Gillis Long's work as a Congressman, including issues he advocated, his work on the Rules Committee, civil rights legislation, and Congressmen with whom he collaborated."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Shelby_Leanita.pdf	Leanita Shelby was a legislative assistant to Gillis Long between 1973 and 1985.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Shelby, Leanita--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; United States.--Congress.--House.--Committee on Rules.; African Americans--Civil rights.; United States--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (38 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Leanita Shelby Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1193, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Patti Tyson oral history interview, 1987"	"Tyson, Patti, "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Tyson discusses Gillis Long's work as a Congressman, including issues he advocated."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Tyson_Patti.pdf	"Patti Tyson was Gillis Long's administrative assistant between 1975 and 1976.  She graduated from law school in 1976, then took a position on the staff of the House Rules Committee.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971."	"Tyson, Patti--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; United States.--Congress.--House.--Committee on Rules.; United States--Politics and government--1974-1977."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (5 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Patti Tyson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1194, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer and interviewee and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Leah Schroeder oral history interview, 1987"	"Schroeder, Leah, "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Schroeder discusses her work for Gillis Long, Long's work as a Congressman, Louisiana politicians, Gillis Long's gubernatorial and Congressional campaigns, his staff, and his work on the House Rules Committee."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Schroeder_Leah.pdf	Leah Schroeder worked as Gillis Long's aide assisting with his campaigns.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Schroeder, Leah--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Long, Speedy O.--(Speedy Oteria), 1928-2006.; United States.--Congress.--House.--Committee on Rules.; United States.--Congress.--House--Elections.; United States.--Congress.--House--Officials and employees.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (44 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Leah Schroeder Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1195, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer and interviewee and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Wayne Thevenot oral history interview, 1987"	"Thevenot, Wayne, "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Thevenot discusses Gillis Long's influence in the House of Representatives, his place on the House Rules Committee, his Congressional campaigns, his campaign style, his political ideas and contributions, and his relationships with politicians, especially Russell Long and Dick Bolling."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Thevenot_Wayne.pdf	Wayne Thevenot worked with Gillis Long during the 1980s and was his campaign manager at one time.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Thevenot, Wayne--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Long, Russell B.; Bolling, Richard, 1916-1991.; United States.--Congress.--House.--Committee on Rules.; United States.--Congress.--House--Elections.; Political candidates--Louisiana."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (40 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Wayne Thevenot Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1196, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"J.J. Pickle oral history interview, 1987"	"Pickle, J. J. "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Pickle discusses his friendship with Gillis Long, Long's stature in the House of Representatives, and Long's progressive political positions."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Pickle_JJ.pdf	J.J. Pickle (1913-2005) was representative for the 10th U.S. Congressional District of Texas for 1963-1995.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Pickle, J. J.--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; United States.--Congress.--House.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (10 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"J.J. Pickle Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1197, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Bob Livingston oral history interview, 1987"	"Livingston, Robert L., -1943"	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Livingston discusses his relationship with Gillis Long, Long's confrontational attitude toward Republican representatives, his fund raising methods, and the detrimental effect of his liberal policies on his success in Louisiana."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Livingston_Bob.pdf	Bob Livingston was representative for the 1st U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana for 1977-1999.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Livingston, Robert L., 1943---Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; United States.--Congress.--House.; Campaign funds--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (12 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Bob Livingston Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1198, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Al From oral history interview, 1987"	"From, Al, -1943"	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Al From discusses Gillis Long's work within the Democratic Party and with the Committee on Party Effectiveness; his relationships with other Congressmen, especially Dick Gephardt; his skills as a politician; his health; and his reliance on black voters."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/From_Al.pdf	"Al From was executive director of the House Democratic Caucus from 1981 to 1985, chaired by Representative Gillis Long (D-LA).  He later was the primary founder of the Democratic Leadership Council.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971."	"From, Al, 1943---Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Gephardt, Richard A.--(Richard Andrew), 1941-; Democratic Party (U.S.); Democratic Party (U.S.).--Committee on Party Effectiveness.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (29 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Al From Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1199, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Sargent Shriver oral history interview, 1987"	"Shriver, Sargent, 1915-2011"	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Shriver discusses Gillis Long's political skills, his support for civil rights and its influence on his success in Louisiana politics, his work within the Democratic Party and on the House Rules Committee, his relationships with other representatives, especially Richard Bolling, and Long's voting patterns."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Shriver_Sargent.pdf	"Sargent Shriver organized and directed the Peace Corps between 1948 and 1961, served as U.S. Ambassador to France between 1968 and 1970, and was candidate for Vice President of the United States in 1972.  He married Eunice Mary Kennedy, daughter of Joseph and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy, in 1953.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971."	"Shriver, Sargent, 1915-2011--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; Bolling, Richard, 1916-1991.; United States.--Congress.--House.--Committee on Rules.; Democratic Party (U.S.); African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (19 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Sargent Shriver Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1200, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer and interviewee and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"John Camp oral history interview, 1987"	"Camp, John A., "	1987	"Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Camp discusses Gillis Long's two gubernatorial campaigns; Long's positions on civil rights, education, and business; his work in Congress; Camp's attending international economic conferences with Long; American foreign relations with Libya; Long's work in Congress on issues of energy, oil, and gas; and Camp's ten year friendship with Gillis Long."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Camp_John.pdf	John Camp was a Louisiana politician who worked on Gillis Long's two gubernatorial campaigns.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Camp, John A.--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Energy policy--Political aspects--United States.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Race relations--Political aspects--History--20th century.; United States--Foreign economic relations--History--20th century.; United States--Foreign relations--Libya--History--20th century."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (34 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John Camp Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1202, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Gillis Long Oral History Project	"Leo Coco and Gene Smith oral history interview, 1987"	"Coco, Leo, "	1987	"Smith, Gene; Huey, Gary, -1946"	"Leo Coco and Gene Smith discuss working on Gillis Long's Congressional staff, individual staffers, Long's relationship with the mass media, Long's personality, his work within the Democratic Party, his political habits and abilities, and his health."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/gillis/Coco_&_Smith.pdf	Leo Coco and Gene Smith were members of Gillis Long's staff beginning in the late 1970s.  Gillis Long (1923-1985) was representative for the 8th U.S. Congressional District of Louisiana in 1963-1965 and 1973-1985.  He ran unsuccessfully for governor of Louisiana in 1964 and 1971.	"Coco, Leo--Interviews.; Smith, Gene--Interviews.; Long, Gillis William, 1923-1985.; United States.--Congress.--House--Officials and employees.; Democratic Party (U.S.); Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (48 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Leo Coco and Gene Smith Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1203, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewees and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Hurricane Betsy Survivors Oral History Project	"Dolores D. Parker oral history interview, 2003"	"Parker, Dolores D., -1937"	2003	"Parker, Raymond, -1958; Mwendo, Nilima,"	"Parker describes her childhood in various cities in Louisiana, attending her segregated African-American high school in New Orleans in the 1950s, her positions at various schools in New Orleans in the 1960s through 1991, raising four children on her own after she divorced her husband, the Lower Ninth Ward neighborhood before and after Hurricane Betsy, her family's experiences during the hurricane, and their rebuilding process."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/hurricanebetsy/Parker_Dolores_T3342.abs.pdf	"Dolores D. Parker was born in Bayou Goula, La.  The daughter of a minister, she grew up moving around the state.  She graduated from Clark High School in New Orleans then earned a B.A. degree in elementary education from Dillard.  She taught in New Orleans public schools for 32 years and taught reading in an adult education program.  She is the mother of four children: Raymond, Raynelle, Raynette, and Raynard.  Raymond, who also contributes to this interview, is her oldest child."	"Parker, Dolores D., 1937---Interviews.; Parker, Raymond, 1958---Interviews.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--New Orleans.; African American teachers--Louisiana--New Orleans.; African Americans--Louisiana--New Orleans--Social life and customs.; Disaster relief--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Disaster victims--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Evacuation of civilians--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Hurricane Betsy, 1965.; Hurricanes--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Levees--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Public schools--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Ninth Ward (New Orleans, La.)"	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 34 minutes); Abstract (3 leaves); Transcript (91 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Dolores D. Parker Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1688, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewer and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Hurricane Betsy Survivors Oral History Project	"Dorothy Mackey Prevost oral history interview, 2003"	"Prevost, Dorothy Mackey, -1931"	2003	"Mwendo, Nilima,"	Prevost discusses her childhood in the Lower Ninth Ward where the neighbors grew and exchanged food with each other.  She talks about the schools she attended and segregated schooling and activities in New Orleans in the 1930s and 1940s.  She primarily discusses her experience during Hurricane Betsy and the refurbishing of her home after the storm.  She talks about changes in the Ninth Ward after Hurricane Betsy and the decline of the neighborhood in recent years.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/hurricanebetsy/Prevost%20_Dorothy_T3339.abs.pdf	"Dorothy Mackey Prevost is a New Orleans native and survivor of Hurricane Betsy.  She lived in the Lower Ninth Ward her entire life, attended McCarty Elementary School and Booker T. Washington High School, and worked as a seamstress.  She married Charles Prevost in 1953 and had two daughters, Tessie and Tory.  Tessie was one of the first African-American students to integrate McDonogh 19 School in the 1960s."	"Prevost, Dorothy Mackey, 1931---Interviews.; Schiro, Victor H.--(Victor Hugo), 1904-1992.; United States.--Small Business Administration.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--New Orleans.; African Americans--Louisiana--New Orleans--Social life and customs.; African Americans--Segregation--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Disaster relief--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Disaster victims--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Evacuation of civilians--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Hurricane Betsy, 1965.; Hurricanes--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Levees--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Ninth Ward (New Orleans, La.)"	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 30 minutes); Abstract (3 leaves); Transcript (72 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Dorothy Mackey Prevost Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1686, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewer and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Hurricane Betsy Survivors Oral History Project	"Ida Belle Joshua oral history interview, 2003"	"Joshua, Ida Belle, -1927"	2003	"Mwendo, Nilima,"	"Ida Belle Joshua tells of arriving in the Ninth Ward neighborhood in 1949 and watching it develop as a community.  She described the community as African Americans working in civil service positions with dreams and hopes for the future.  Joshua provides details of Hurricane Betsy's devastation, rescue efforts, federal assistance, and community activism.  She gives her opinion on what should have been done differently following Hurricane Betsy and discusses the recent deterioration of the community because of the lack of activism and community effort."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/hurricanebetsy/Joshua_IdaBelle_T3336.abs.pdf	"Ida Belle Joshua is a native of New Orleans, La., and survivor of Hurricane Betsy.  She moved to the Ninth Ward in 1949 with her husband, Isaac Joshua Sr.  They have three children.  Before Hurricane Betsy, she worked as a hair dresser.  After the storm, she attended the University of New Orleans, Atlanta University (now Clark Atlanta University), and Tulane University and worked as a teacher's aide, social worker, and adjunct professor at Xavier University.  She is a former president of the Lower Ninth Ward Neighborhood Council and Area Beautification Committee and has been an advocate for improvement of the Ninth Ward community.  After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, she temporarily relocated to Lafayette, La.  She intended to return to her home and had begun having it repaired before it was demolished.  She and several other residents sued the city of New Orleans and achieved their goal of preventing the city from demolishing homes without proper notification and hearings for homeowners."	"Joshua, Ida Belle, 1927---Interviews.; Copeland, Sherman.; Alfred Lawless Elementary School (New Orleans, La.); African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--New Orleans.; African Americans--Louisiana--New Orleans--Social conditions.; Community activists--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Disaster relief--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Disaster victims--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Grants-in-aid--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Hurricane Betsy, 1965.; Hurricanes--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Political participation--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Urban renewal--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Ninth Ward (New Orleans, La.)"	"1 sound cassettes (1 hour, 34 minutes); Abstract (2 leaves); Transcript (57 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ida Belle Joshua Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1684, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewer and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Hurricane Betsy Survivors Oral History Project	"Lucille D. Duminy oral history interview, 2003"	"Duminy, Lucille D., -1928"	2003	"Mwendo, Nilima,"	"Duminy discusses her childhood, living in the Ninth Ward in the 1950s and 1960s, her ordeal in surviving Hurricane Betsy, her encounters with relief agencies afterward, Hurricane Camille in 1969, and other hurricanes."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/hurricanebetsy/Duminy_Lucille_T3337_T3338.abs.pdf	Lucille D. Duminy moved into New Orleans' Ninth Ward around 1949.  She survived Hurricane Betsy in 1965 and rebuilt her house and life there.	"Duminy, Lucille D., 1928---Interviews.; Charity Hospital (New Orleans, La.); United States.--Small Business Administration.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--New Orleans.; African Americans--Louisiana--New Orleans--Social life and customs.; Disaster relief--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Disaster victims--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Evacuation of civilians--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Hurricane Betsy, 1965.; Hurricane Camille, 1969.; Hurricanes--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Ninth Ward (New Orleans, La.)"	"2 sound cassettes (3 hours, 6 minutes); Abstracts (4 leaves); Transcripts (117 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lucille D. Duminy Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1685, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewer and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Hurricane Betsy Survivors Oral History Project	"Lucy Boyer Thomas oral history interview, 2003"	"Thomas, Lucy Boyer, 1923-2004"	2003	"Mwendo, Nilima,"	"Thomas describes country living as a child, growing up with farm animals, a father who treated with folk remedies, and the daily routines of farm life.  She describes a year in Los Angeles studying nursing around 1943, life in the Ninth Ward before Hurricane Betsy, and her experiences during that hurricane.  She also discusses the subsequent rebuilding of her house, changes in the Ninth Ward, and suspicions about the deliberate breaking of a levee to flood her neighborhood and save richer parts of the city."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/hurricanebetsy/Thomas_Lucy_T3340_T3341.abs.pdf	"Lucy Boyer Thomas was born in 1923, grew up in the Fazendeville village near Chalmette, and attended school in New Orleans through the eleventh grade.  She studied nursing at UCLA and worked as a nurse in California and Louisiana.  She married Francis Thomas and they had five children.  She lived in the Ninth Ward for more than fifty years, surviving Hurricane Betsy.  She died in 2004 at age eighty-one."	"Thomas, Lucy Boyer, 1923-2004--Interviews.; Schiro, Victor H.--(Victor Hugo), 1904-1992.; University of California, Los Angeles.--School of Nursing--Students.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--Saint Bernard Parish.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--New Orleans.; African Americans--Louisiana--Saint Bernard Parish--Social life and customs.; African Americans--Louisiana--New Orleans--Social life and customs.; Disaster relief--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Disaster victims--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Evacuation of civilians--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Farm life--Louisiana--Saint Bernard Parish.; Hurricane Betsy, 1965.; Hurricanes--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Levees--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Fazendeville (La.); Ninth Ward (New Orleans, La.); Los Angeles (Calif.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (2 hours, 33 minutes); Abstracts (4 leaves); Transcripts (119 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lucy Boyer Thomas Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1687, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewer and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Civil Rights Movement Oral History Project	"Eunice Paddio-Johnson oral history interview, 1998"	"Paddio-Johnson, Eunice, -1928"	1998	"De Jong, Greta,"	"Eunice Paddio-Johnson discusses her memories of racism as a child and as an adult, her education and teaching in segregated schools in Saint Helena Parish, efforts to register black voters, her experience as the first black member of the Saint Helena Parish School Board, the roles of the Freemasons and Order of the Eastern Star in the civil rights movement, the Louisiana Education Association, and her work with various civic associations."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/civilrights/Paddio-Johnson_Eunice.pdf	"Eunice Paddio-Johnson was born on June 25, 1928, in Crowley, La.  She graduated from Grambling State University in 1949 and taught in Saint Helena Parish, La., and at Cornell University in Ithaca, N.Y.  She retired from teaching in 1972 and was elected to the Saint Helena Parish School Board."	"Paddio-Johnson, Eunice, 1928---Interviews.; Order of the Eastern Star.; Louisiana Education Association.; African Americans--Louisiana--Social conditions.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; African Americans--Suffrage--Louisiana.; Segregation in education--Louisiana--Saint Helena Parish.; Civil rights movements--Louisiana.; African American teachers and the community--Louisiana--Saint Helena Parish.; African American freemasons--Louisiana.; School boards--African American membership--Louisiana--Saint Helena Parish.; Louisiana--Race relations."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (43 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Eunice Paddio-Johnson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1029, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.  Please inform Eunice Paddio-Johnson of any use of this interview other than for academic research.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Civil Rights Movement Oral History Project	"John Zippert oral history interview, 1998"	"Zippert, John, -1945"	1998	"De Jong, Greta,"	"Zippert describes his political activity while at the City College of New York, his experiences as a CORE summer volunteer in Louisiana, and his involvement in the Grand Marie Sweet Potato Marketing Cooperative.  He discusses his work with the Southern Cooperative Development Program and the Federation of Southern Cooperatives, being investigated by the FBI and the Joint Legislative Committee on Un-American Activities, and his participation in removing the miscegenation statute in Louisiana."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/civilrights/Zippert_John.pdf	"John Zippert was born in New York City on November 13, 1945.  He joined CORE while at the City College of New York and volunteered in Louisiana during the summer of 1965.  His first job came with the Southern Cooperative Development Program in 1967.  Zippert joined the Federation of Southern Cooperatives in Epes, Alabama in 1970."	"Zippert, John, 1945---Interviews.; City University of New York.--City College.; Congress of Racial Equality.; Grand Marie Sweet Potato Marketing Cooperative.; Southern Cooperative Development Program.; Federation of Southern Cooperatives.; United States.--Federal Bureau of Investigation.; College students--New York (State)--New York--Political activity.; Civil rights workers--Louisiana.; Civil rights movements--Louisiana.; Sweet potatoes--Cooperative marketing--Louisiana.; Interracial marriage--Law and legislation--Louisiana."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (59 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John Zippert Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1030, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Civil Rights Movement Oral History Project	"Johnnie Jones, Sr. oral history interview, 1993-1995."	"Jones, Johnnie, -1919"	1993-1995.	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Jones gives a detailed account of his life, beginning with his childhood in West Feliciana Parish, La., through his high school, college, and law school education.  He describes his army service in World War II, his position as the first African-American warrant officer, and his involvement the D-Day invasion.  Jones shares recollections of racism, segregation, sit-ins, and protests in Baton Rouge and other Louisiana cities.  He describes in detail his work as a civil rights attorney, including his relationships with Louisiana civil rights leaders, the NAACP, and CORE; his participation in numerous civil rights cases; student activism at Southern University; the Baton Rouge Bus Boycott; his involvement with the NAACP; local and national figures in the civil rights movement; prominent court cases aimed at ending segregation; the lawyers and judges involved in those cases; and the wider civil rights movement in Louisiana."	http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/williams/abstracts/civilrights/Jones_Johnnie_4700.0321.pdf	"Johnnie Jones, Sr. was born in Laurel Hill, La., in 1919.  After completing sixth grade, he worked for Ransom Lumber Company in Woodville, Miss., where he lived with his boss, Mr. Hergen, and tutored Hergen's son, Buddy.  Jones later was sent to live with his uncle in Scotlandville, La., to begin his high school education at Southern University Demonstration School.  He went on to Southern University for a year and a half until he was drafted into the U.S. Army to serve in World War II.  He was one of the first African-American warrant officers and he took part in the D-Day invasion, landing in the third wave at Omaha Beach.  After the war, Jones returned to Southern University to finish his bachelor's degree in psychology.  After graduating, he married Sebell Chase and worked for two years at the post office.  He then went on to Southern University Law School and earned his law degree in 1953.  Jones' legal career included several landmark civil rights cases."	"Jones, Johnnie, 1919---Interviews.; Tureaud, Alexander Pierre, 1899-1972.; Jemison, T. J.--(Theodore Judson); Cox, B. Elton--(Benjamin Elton), 1931-2011.; Southern University and A & M College.--Demonstration High School.; Southern University and A & M College--Students.; National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.; Congress of Racial Equality.; Actions and defenses--Louisiana--Cases.; African American children--Education--Louisiana.; African American civil rights workers--Louisiana.; African American soldiers.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; African Americans--Segregation--Louisiana.; Baton Rouge Bus Boycott, Baton Rouge, La., 1953.; Civil rights movements--Louisiana.; School integration--Louisiana.; Segregation in transportation--Louisiana.; World War, 1939-1945--Participation, African American.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--France--Normandy.; Louisiana--Race relations.; Laurel Hill (La.)"	"16 sound cassettes (17 hours, 29 minutes); Transcript (708 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Johnnie Jones, Sr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0321, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Civil Rights Movement Oral History Project	"Joyce Robinson oral history interview, 1997"	"Robinson, Joyce, "	1997	"Haw, Helen,"	"Robinson discusses the crossover of East Baton Rouge Parish public school teachers, including teachers' attitudes, methods they used to prepare, and support received from the parish and schools.  She also discusses desegregation at Istrouma High School in the early 1980s."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/civilrights/Robinson_Joyce_w_Haw.pdf	"Joyce Robinson was a librarian at Harding Elementary School in Scotlandville, La., during the crossover of East Baton Rouge Parish public school teachers between white and black schools in 1970.  She served as a liaison for the new teachers arriving at Harding Elementary."	"Robinson, Joyce--Interviews.; Harding Elementary School (Scotlandville, La.); Istrouma High School (Baton Rouge, La.); Faculty integration--Louisiana--East Baton Rouge Parish.; Public schools--Louisiana--East Baton Rouge Parish.; School integration--Louisiana--East Baton Rouge Parish."	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Transcript (13 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Joyce Robinson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0769, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Civil Rights Movement Oral History Project	"Lola Stallworth oral history interview, 1998"	"Stallworth, Lola, 1918-1999"	1998	"De Jong, Greta,"	"Stallworth discusses her family; her education and teaching career; obstacles in setting up a Head Start program, a credit union for African Americans, and a Council on Aging in Greensburg, La.; the activities of CORE volunteers; difficulties in registering African Americans to vote; and problems faced by black teachers."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/civilrights/Stallworth_Lola.pdf	"Lola Stallworth was born on January 27, 1918, in Many, La.  She received a bachelor's degree from Grambling State University and a master's degree from Tuskegee Institute.  Stallworth was a school supervisor in Greensburg, La., and a member of the Saint Helena Parish School Board.  She died on July 7, 1999."	"Stallworth, Lola, 1918-1999--Interviews.; Stallworth family.; Project Head Start (U.S.); Council on Aging and Adult Development (U.S.); Congress of Racial Equality.; Credit unions--Louisiana--Greensburg.; African American banks--Louisiana--Greensburg.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--Saint Helena Parish.; African Americans--Suffrage--Louisiana--Saint Helena Parish.; Saint Helena Parish (La.)--Race relations."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (42 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lola Stallworth Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1027, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Civil Rights Movement Oral History Project	"Meg Redden oral history interview, 1996"	"Redden, Meg, -1944"	1996	"De Jong, Greta,"	"Redden discusses her early views on American race relations, joining CORE, her work on voter registration issues in Louisiana, race relations in Louisiana, and the aims of the wider civil rights movement."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/civilrights/Redden_Meg.pdf	Meg Redden was born in Indiana in 1944 but grew up in Iowa. She joined the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) in 1964 and worked on the freedom movements in Louisiana that summer. She later became involved in anti-Vietnam War demonstrations and the Equal Rights Movement.	"Redden, Meg, 1944---Interviews.; Congress of Racial Equality.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; African Americans--Suffrage--Louisiana.; Civil rights movements--United States.; Civil rights workers--Louisiana.; United States--Race relations.; Louisiana--Race relations."	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Transcript (31 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Meg Redden Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0740, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Cooperative Extension Oral History Project	"Billy Cochran oral history interview, 2014"	"Cochran, Billy J., "	2014	"Winnie, Wyatt, -1975"	"Cochran begins the interview by discussing his parents' cotton farm. He also talks about life in a rural school and moving to the city of Columbia where he had his first job as a paperboy for the New Orleans Item. The interview then moves into a discussion about his education at Mississippi State, Texas A&M, and Oklahoma State Universities. He documents his time as an LSU professor, an international consultant in the field of agriculture, and his time as a solid waste specialist for the Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/historycoopexten/Cochran_Bill_T4318.abs.pdf	"Billy J. Cochran was born on December 10, 1933, in Darbun, Mississippi. He is the son of Arville Alexander Cochran and Gertrude Lewis. He attended rural Mississippi schools during his youth. In 1958 he graduated with a B.S. degree in agricultural engineering from Mississippi State University. Upon graduation, he served for a short time in the United States Army, and then returned to school at Texas A&M University. In 1962 he graduated with a master's degree in agricultural engineering. In 1964 he joined the faculty at Louisiana State University where he taught in the Agricultural Engineering Department. During the early seventies, he took a sabbatical from LSU and earned a Ph.D. in agricultural engineering from Oklahoma State University. After retiring from LSU in 1983, he worked abroad with the International Rice Research Institute and the Food and Agriculture Organization in Thailand. From 1992 to 1996 he worked for the Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service as a solid waste specialist. He lives in Baton Rouge, La., with his wife, Jintana."	"Cochran, Billy J.--Interviews.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Faculty.; Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service.; International Rice Research Institute.; Mississippi State University--Students.; Texas A & M University--Students.; Oklahoma State University--Students.; Agricultural engineering--Study and teaching (Higher)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Agricultural extension work--Philippines.; Agricultural extension work--Thailand.; Agricultural extension work--Research--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Agricultural consultants--United States.; Cotton farmers--Mississippi."	"1 digital audio file (1 hour, 5 minutes); Index (6 leaves); Abstract (3 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Billy Cochran Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2389, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Cooperative Extension Oral History Project	"Dr. Paul Coreil oral history interview, 2014"	"Coreil, Paul D. "	2014	"Caminita, Cristina M.,"	"Coreil begins the interview by discussing his parents, his early farm life, and working on a farm as a teenager. He details his job as a student worker studying nutria and how that led him to a job with extension services. He describes moving to Cameron Parish, establishing a sea-grant extension program, and the challenges he faced while on the job. These include the Endangered Species Act of the 1970s, a time when shrimpers blockaded a federal ship channel, installing new phone lines in the parish extension office, and how the first computers impacted extension. He also details how farmers now utilize information on the Internet vs. getting it from county agents, the devastation of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, and how Louisiana Cooperative Extension played a vital role in helping to recover from the storms. He describes what it takes to be successful in extension services and discusses the future of the extension model."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/historycoopexten/Coreil_Paul_T4317.abs.pdf	"Paul Dean Coreil was born on September 9, 1955, in Ville Platte, Louisiana. He is the son of Armand Bertrand Coreil and Juanita Smith. He grew up in Ville Platte, where he attended high school at Sacred Heart Catholic School. In 1976 he graduated with a B.S. in zoology from the University of Southwestern Louisiana. He later attended Louisiana State University where he received a master's degree in wildlife management in 1984 and a Ph.D. in vocational education in 1995. Coreil was involved in the Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service for most of his career. In 1978 he was hired as an assistant area agent for wildlife and fisheries. He also served as Parish Chairman of Cameron Parish LCES, associate specialist of wetland and coastal resources in the state LCES office, and as assistant director of the Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service. In 2001 he was appointed Vice Chancellor and Director of Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service. He retired from LCES in September 2013 and served for a short time as the interim chancellor of LSU-Alexandria."	"Coreil, Paul D.--Interviews.; Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service.; Agricultural extension work--Louisiana.; Agricultural extension work--Louisiana--Cameron Parish.; Cotton farmers--Louisiana--Evangeline Parish.; Coypu--Research--Louisiana.; Hurricane Katrina, 2005.; Hurricane Rita, 2005.; Ville Platte (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	"1 digital audio file (1 hour, 40 minutes); Index (14 leaves); Abstract (4 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Dr. Paul Coreil Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2388, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Cooperative Extension Oral History Project	"Gina E. Eubanks oral history interview, 2014"	"Eubanks, Gina Elaine, -1956"	2014	"Winnie, Wyatt, -1975"	"Eubanks discusses her early life in Clinton, East Feliciana Parish, Louisiana. She documents her time as a 4-H member during high school and how the extension agents genuinely cared for the club members. She also discusses how a job cleaning houses led her to earn her B.S. degree from Southern University. She discusses her time as a merchandiser for Goudchaux's department store and as an instructor at Alcorn State and Virginia Tech universities. Eventually she earned her Ph.D. from Oklahoma State University and joined the faculty at Southern University. She illustrates the difference between teaching in a college setting and an extension setting. Eubanks describes various aspects of extension, from purchasing her first sewing machine through extension to the new ability of agents to deliver presentations to community members via YouTube."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/historycoopexten/Eubanks_Gina_T4315.abs.pdf	"Gina E. Eubanks was born on June 11, 1956. She is a native of Clinton, East Feliciana Parish, Louisiana. She is the daughter of L.E. Eubanks and Ora (Davis) Eubanks. She participated in 4-H during high school. She attended Southern University and received a B.S. degree in clothing and textiles in 1977. Following her B.S. degree, she attended Oklahoma State University and earned a master?s degree in clothing and textiles in 1978. She also received a PhD in home economics from Oklahoma State University in 1987. In 1990, she joined Southern University as the coordinator of family and consumer sciences. She was named vice chancellor for extension in 2002. In May of 2013, she was named program leader of food and nutrition for the Louisiana State University AgCenter."	"Eubanks, Gina Elaine, 1956---Interviews.; 4-H Youth Development Program (U.S.); Southern University and A & M College--Faculty.; Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service.; Oklahoma State University--Students.; Goudchaux/Maison Blanche (Firm); Agricultural extension work--Louisiana.; Home economics extension work--Louisiana.; Department stores--Employees--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Clinton (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 digital audio file (58 minutes); Index (6 leaves); Abstract (3 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Gina E. Eubanks Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2386, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Cooperative Extension Oral History Project	"Denver Loupe oral history interview, 2014"	"Loupe, Denver T., -1927"	2014	"Winnie, Wyatt, -1975"	"Loupe provides a biography of his life, documenting his membership in 4-H and Future Farmers of America during his school years, his service in the U.S. Navy, graduation from Louisiana State University, and his service in the Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service. The primary focus of the interview is Loupe's time in extension services. He discusses his philosophy of education as an agent, field days and other extension demonstrations, livestock shows and contests, and the changing technology in the agricultural industry over time."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/historycoopexten/Loupe_Denver_T4312_T4313.abs.pdf	"Denver Loupe was born in 1927 in Gonzales, Louisiana, to Jack Loupe and Linda Gaudin. He grew up on a farm in the Burnside community of Gonzales. During school he was a member of 4-H and Future Farmers of America. He served as the first president of the Ascension Parish 4-H Executive Committee. He attended Northwestern State University for a year before entering the U.S. Navy. After returning from the navy, Loupe returned to Northwestern State University for two more years before transferring to Louisiana State University. He graduated from LSU with a degree in agriculture before earning a master's degree and doctorate, also from LSU. The doctorate is in botany and plant pathology. After earning his doctorate, he taught high school for three years in Ascension Parish. Later he became an extension agent in St. James Parish. He also served as a sugarcane specialist in St. James Parish from 1954 to 1978. During his time as a sugarcane specialist he served as superintendent of the 4-H Plant Science Contest. Beginning in 1972, Loupe headed the Plant Science Division of the Louisiana Extension Program. In 1978 he was selected as director of Louisiana Cooperative Extension Services. In the same year he established the Louisiana 4-H Foundation. He has served on the National 4-H Council Board of Directors and as secretary-treasurer of the American Society of Sugarcane Technologies. He has authored numerous publications."	"Loupe, Denver T., 1927---Interviews.; Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service.; 4-H Youth Development Program (U.S.); Future Farmers of America.; Agriculture--Study and teaching (Continuing education)--Louisiana.; Agricultural extension work--Louisiana.; County agricultural agents--Louisiana--Saint James Parish.; Livestock--Showing--Louisiana."	"2 digital audio files (2 hour, 8 minutes); Index (11 leaves); Abstract (3 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Denver Loupe Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2384, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Cooperative Extension Oral History Project	"William Richardson oral history interview, 2014"	"Richardson, William B., -1944"	2014	"Cramer, Jennifer A.,"	"Richardson begins the interview by speaking about his grandparents. He also discusses life in rural Missouri and what it was like to live on a farm in the Kennett area. This includes social outlets such as cruising, going to the movies, basic farm chores, crops, and a typical workday on the farm. He also details his time at Arkansas State University. He discusses mandatory ROTC service, the basketball team, and what college campuses were like during the sixties and the Vietnam War era. Richardson notes the differences between college athletes today and when he was in school, the political awareness of students today versus his time in school, and what it was like to play with the first black basketball player at Arkansas State University. He notes how those experiences helped him to be more diverse as an administrator later in his career. Richardson also discusses how people depended on extension agents for information. County agents helped deliver information to the people in a much different manner than today. Today's agents have more technology and other avenues to disseminate information, though their motivations remain the same."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/historycoopexten/Richardson_William_T4316.abs.pdf	"William Richardson was born in southeast Missouri in 1944 to William Richardson, Sr. and Pauline Gunnin. He was raised on a soybean-cotton farm near Kennett, Missouri. He attended Dearing public schools until he graduated from high school. After high school, he attended Arkansas State University, where he earned a B.S. degree in 1966, and a master's degree in 1968. He received his doctorate degree in agricultural education from the University of Missouri in 1972. From 1972 until 1984, he taught at Purdue University, where he was recognized twice as an Outstanding Teacher, and once as an Outstanding Academic Advisor by the University's Department of Education. He joined the faculty of Louisiana State University as a professor in 1984. He has served in various national and international leadership capacities as well as in numerous administrative capacities and on many boards and committees. He's published numerous articles and textbooks, and has served as the chairperson for various master's theses and doctoral dissertations. He currently serves as Director of Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service and LSU Vice-President for Agriculture and Dean for the College of Agriculture."	"Richardson, William B., 1944---Interviews.; Arkansas State University--Students.; Arkansas State University--Sports.; Farm life--Missouri.; Agricultural extension work--United States.; County agricultural agents--United States.; College students--Political activity--United States.; College athletes--United States.; Discrimination in sports--Arkansas--Jonesboro.; Kennett (Mo.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 digital audio file (47 minutes); Index (9 leaves); Abstract (3 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"William Richardson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2387, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Cooperative Extension Oral History Project	"Kenneth Roberts oral history interview, 2014"	"Roberts, Kenneth, -1944"	2014	"Winnie, Wyatt, -1975"	"Roberts discusses his father's career as a meteorologist for the major television networks. He also provides insight into his 4-H club member days and his schooling, particularly his time at the University of New Orleans and his doctoral work at Oregon State University. He primarily focuses on his career with Sea Grant, documenting his time with Clemson University, the National Sea Grant program, and then as a marine economist for Louisiana Sea Grant. Roberts gives insight into the revolutionary nature of his split research and extension appointment, how technology and personal computers impacted extension work, racial tensions with Vietnamese and Cambodian fishermen, and the relationship between the oil industry and Louisiana fisheries. He also describes how the fishing industry is traditionally a male-dominated industry; the prevailing theme of wages among fishermen; and the political impact of federal, state, and local money in extension. Roberts then discusses the need for the quality control of information within the extension model."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/historycoopexten/Roberts_Kenneth_T4314.abs.pdf	"Kenneth Roberts was born on September 19, 1944, in New Orleans, Louisiana. He is the son of well-known meteorologist Nash C. Roberts and Lydia Leblanc. He grew up in Metairie, Louisiana. He attended public schools and participated in the 4-H club in high school. He started his academic career at the University of New Orleans before transferring to Louisiana State University where he earned his bachelor's and master's degrees in agricultural economics. After receiving his master's degree, Roberts moved to Oregon where he attended Oregon State University. His Ph.D. is in natural resource economics. Upon graduation from OSU, Roberts worked as a natural resource economist and program director for the Clemson University Sea Grant program. He then spent a year working for the National Sea Grant office as a program monitor before returning to South Carolina. In 1978, Roberts returned to Louisiana as a Marine Extension resource economist for Louisiana Sea Grant. In 2001, he became the associate vice chancellor and associate director of Extension for the Louisiana State University Ag Center. He retired from the LSU Ag Center in the fall of 2006."	"Roberts, Kenneth, 1944---Interviews.; Roberts, Nash C., 1918-; 4-H Youth Development Program (U.S.); Louisiana Sea Grant College Program.; National Sea Grant College Program (U.S.); South Carolina Sea Grant Program.; Fisheries--Louisiana.; Fishers--Louisiana.; Fishery extension work--Louisiana.; Vietnamese Americans--Louisiana.; Cambodian Americans--Louisiana.; Marine sciences--Economic aspects--Louisiana."	"1 digital audio file (1 hour, 21 minutes); Index (7 leaves); Abstract (2 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Kenneth Roberts Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2385, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Politics Oral History Project	"Brodie S. Crump oral history interview, 1976"	"Crump, Brodie, "	1976	"Baker, Lewis, -1953"	"Crump discusses the life and political career of Leroy Percy, including Percy's relationships with James K. Vardaman, Theodore Roosevelt, Theodore Bilbo, John Parker, and others; Sunnyside Plantation; Percy's opposition to the Ku Klux Klan; his interest in road building and flood control; and his son, Will Percy."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/political/Crump_Brodie_T562_563_564.abs.pdf	"Brodie S. Crump was the son of William Crump, the secretary and campaign manager of Mississippi politician, Leroy Percy.  Leroy Percy received his law degree from the University of Virginia in 1881 and practiced law in his home town of Greenville, Mississippi.  He served as a U.S. Senator from 1910 to 1912 and with the Federal Reserve Board branch in Saint Louis, Missouri, from 1914 until his death in 1929."	"Crump, Brodie--Interviews.; Percy, LeRoy, 1860-1929.; Vardaman, James Kimble, 1861-1930.; Bilbo, Theodore Gilmore, 1877-1947.; Parker, John Milliken, 1863-1939.; Roosevelt, Theodore, 1858-1919.; Percy, William Alexander, 1885-1942.; Ku Klux Klan (1915- ); Floods--Mississippi River.; Sunnyside Plantation (Miss.); Delta (Miss. : Region)--History--20th century.; Mississippi--Politics and government--1865-1950."	3 sound cassettes (2.25 hours); Transcript (59 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Brodie S. Crump Oral History Interview, Mss. 3569, 4700.0399, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Politics Oral History Project	"Don Baker oral history interview, 1976"	"Baker, Don, "	1976	"Baker, Lewis, -1953"	"Interview deals with Don Baker's personal background with Senator LeRoy Percy; he comments on Percy's lifestyle and his political involvement in the community of Greenville, Mississippi in the 1920s. Mentions the Ku Klux Klan, its politics and involvement in 1923 elections; Howard Dardun, a Klan-supported politician; and other Mississippi politicians and their attitudes toward the Klan. Also discusses Percy's efforts and assistance in the Mississippi Floods of 1922 and 1927."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/political/Baker_Don_T1.abs.pdf	Don Baker was a family friend and former business associate of Mississippi Senator LeRoy Percy in the 1920s.	"Baker, Don.; Percy, LeRoy, 1860-1929.; Ku Klux Klan (1915- ); Mississippi--Politics and government--1865-1950."	1 sound cassette (30 minutes); Index (1 leaf); Transcript (14 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Don Baker Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0001, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Politics Oral History Project	"Don Devol oral history interview, 1982"	"Devol, Don, d. 1983"	1982	"Culbert, David Holbrook."	"Devol discusses meeting Huey Long and his work for Long; Long's home on Audubon Place; Long's use of his Bible in speeches; Long's radio addresses and his relationship with the news media; the ""Share the Wealth "" scheme; his personal relationship with Long; Long's speaking out against Franklin Roosevelt; Long's showmanship, potential, and assassination."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/political/Devol_Don_T9_T10.abs.pdf	Don Devol served as Huey P. Long's personal secretary from 1932 to 1935.	"Long, Huey Pierce, 1893-1935.; Radio in politics.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1865-1950."	2 sound cassettes (1.5 hours); Transcript (36 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Don Devol Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0009, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or his heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright law.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Politics Oral History Project	"Elmer Lowrer oral history interview, 1980"	"Lowrer, Elmer, 1913-2011"	1980	"Culbert, David Holbrook.; Hilbert, John."	Lowrer discusses David Douglas Duncan's coverage of the Vietnam War for LIFE magazine and ABC; the issue of showing blood in news coverage of Vietnam;  the 1960 Kennedy-Nixon debates; Kennedy's handling of concern about his Catholicism and how he attracted the black vote; campaign commercials in the 1952 presidential election; Spiro Agnew's 1969 speech against ABC News and how ABC dealt with the accusations; past presidential administrations' use of television.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/political/Lowrer_Elmer_T46.abs.pdf	President of the ABC News Department from 1963 to 1974 and ABC Corporate Vice President from 1974-1978.	"Lowrer, Elmer, 1913-2011--Interviews.; ABC News.; Broadcast journalism--United States.; Campaign debates--United States.; Presidents--United States--Election--1960.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975--Journalists."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (21 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Elmer Lowrer Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0037, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or his heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Politics Oral History Project	"Jack Paul Faustin Gremillion oral history interview, 1995-1996."	"Gremillion, Jack P. F., "	1995-1996.	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Gremillion discusses his family, his attendance at LSU, the start of his legal practice, his infantry service in France during World War II, and his association with the American Legion.  Gremillion primarily describes his political career, including his work as campaign manager for James A. Noe, running for attorney general, campaigning with Earl Long, his role in the Tidelands case, segregation in Louisiana and the related legal cases the attorney general's office handled, and voter discrimination.  He also discusses his memories of several Louisiana political figures, including Earl Long, James A. Noe, Jimmie Davis, John McKeithen, Leander Perez, and A.P. Tureaud."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/political/Gremillion_Jack_alltapes.abs.pdf	"Jack Paul Faustin Gremillion earned a law degree from LSU and served with the infantry in Europe during World War II.  He was highly active in Louisiana politics, particularly with the Long faction, and served as Attorney General of Louisiana between 1956 and 1972."	"Gremillion, Jack P. F.--Interviews.; Long, Earl Kemp, 1895-1960.; Noe, James A.; Davis, Jimmie, 1899-2000.; McKeithen, John J.--(John Julian), 1918-1999; Perez, Leander, 1891-1969.; Tureaud, Alexander Pierre, 1899-1972.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.; American Legion.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--France.; Petroleum in submerged lands--Louisiana.; African Americans--Segregation--Louisiana.; Segregation--Law and legislation--Louisiana.; African Americans--Suffrage--Louisiana."	6 sound cassettes (7.5 hours); Transcript (213 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jack Paul Faustin Gremillion Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0532, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Politics Oral History Project	"James Brown and Richard Lewis oral history interview, 1979"	"Brown, James Wilson, -1913"	1979	"Lewis, Richard Byrd,; Culbert, David Holbrook., -1908"	"Interview with James Brown and Richard Lewis concerns the production and use of audio-visuals and films by the U.S Navy in World War II; the development of audio-visual products for use in schools; the production of entertainment and training films in support of the British and American war effort; and their later careers in the film industry.; Notable individuals mentioned in the interview include Bob Benchley, Bob Hope, and Bing Crosby.  Special topics in the interview include British and Canadian film making during the war; the prevention of venereal disease through films; medical films; demobilization films; and the Ladies Training and Development Center."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/political/Brown_James_and_Lewis_Richard_T4.abs.pdf	"James Brown was Dean of Graduate Service in Research at San Jose State University, California. Richard Lewis was the Director of the Development of the Media Service and Support Program and Instructional Television also at San Jose State."	Motion pictures in military education.; Audio-visual education--United States.	1 sound cassette; Transcript (28 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"James Brown and Richard Lewis Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0003, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewees and/or their heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Politics Oral History Project	"John McKeithen oral history interview, 1982"	"McKeithen, John J. 1918-1999"	1982	"Fiser, Jack, 1918-1999."	"Interview deals with McKeithen's recollections of his life while governor. Mentions his involvement in the funding and construction of the Assembly Center, CEBA and Paul Hebert Law Center, all at Louisiana State University. Also mentions his friendships with Terry Bradshaw and Jake Justice; and nephew, Bob Merideth, a recruiter for Chevron."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/political/McKeithen_John_T52.abs.pdf	"Governor of Louisiana, 1964-1972."	"McKeithen, John J.--(John Julian), 1918-1999--Interviews.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--History.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	"Transcript (33 p.); 1 sound cassette (1 hour, 15 minutes)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John McKeithen Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0042, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or his heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Politics Oral History Project	"Robert Fleming oral history interview, 1979"	"Fleming, Robert, 1912-1984"	1979	"Culbert, David Holbrook."	Fleming discusses the role of the media in Lyndon Johnson's administration and Johnson's attitude toward news personnel.  He also discusses television coverage of the Vietnam Conflict.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/political/Fleming_Robert.pdf	Deputy Press Secretary under Bill Moyers during President Lyndon B. Johnson's administration.	"Fleming, Robert, 1912-1984--Interviews.; Johnson, Lyndon B.--(Lyndon Baines), 1908-1973.; Mass media--Political aspects--United States.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975--United States--Mass media and the war.; Mass media--United States--History--20th century.; Presidents--United States--Press conferences."	Transcript (28 p.); 1 sound cassette (1 hour)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Robert Fleming Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0017, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Politics Oral History Project	"Sam Houston Jones oral history interview, 1977"	"Jones, Sam Houston, 1897-1978"	1977	"Godfrey, James."	"In the interview, Jones discusses his political campaign of 1940; changes he made while in office; Huey Long's political following; views on social welfare; government corruption; Jones' second gubernatorial campaign; Jones' executive secretary, Cocheran; Jones' wife's role in his career; his birth and family background; state senator W.D. Cotton's role in bridge over Calcasieu River; development of schools and buildings during his administration."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/political/Jones_Sam_Houston_T36.abs.pdf	"Governor of Louisiana, 1940-1944."	"Jones, Sam Houston, 1897-1978.; Long, Huey Pierce, 1893-1935.; Schools--Louisiana.; Elections--Louisiana.; Bridges--Louisiana--Calcasieu River.; Bridges--Law and legislation--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1865-1950."	1 sound cassette; Transcript (28 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Sam Houston Jones Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0030, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Sea Grant Coastal Change Oral Histories Project	"Barbara Smith Baker Brown oral history interview, 2012"	"Brown, Barbara Smith Baker, -1950"	2012	"Baker, Beverly,"	"Brown recalls her childhood visiting family in Thibodaux, the changes in environment she has witnessed, and her experience being the first African American woman to run for the office of mayor in Thibodaux."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/lasg/Brown_Barbara_Smith_Baker_T4292.abs.pdf	"Barbara Smith Baker Brown was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, raised in Chicago, Illinois, and now lives in Thibodaux, Louisiana. She is the mother of eight, grandmother of thirty-seven, and great-grandmother of three. She is the first African American woman to run for mayor in Thibodaux, Louisiana in 1986."	"Brown, Barbara Smith Baker, 1950---Interviews.; Coast changes--Louisiana.; Country life--Louisiana.; Mayors--Louisiana--Thibodaux--Election.; Women political candidates--Louisiana--Thibodaux.; Thibodaux (La.)--History--20th century.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	1 digital audio file (33 minutes); Abstract (2 leaves); Transcript (21 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Barbara Smith Baker Brown Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2367, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Sea Grant Coastal Change Oral Histories Project	"Denis Rodrigue oral history interview, 2012"	"Rodrigue, Denis, -1928"	2012	"Benoit, Roy,"	"Rodrigue describes her childhood in Chackbay; her mother, father, and all of her brothers and sisters; and when each one save the last three younger than her passed away. She goes on to describe her life as a nun in great detail and the joy she finds in teaching."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/lasg/Rodrigue_Denis_T4297.abs.pdf	"Denis Rodrigue was born in Chackbay, Louisiana, and was the ninth of twelve children. She has been a Catholic nun since she was 19-years-old and currently lives in the Mount Carmel Mother House next to Mount Carmel Academy."	"Rodrigue, Denis, 1928---Interviews.; Coast changes--Louisiana.; Country life--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Farm life--Louisiana--Lafourche Parish.; Nuns--Louisiana.; Chackbay (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Lafourche Parish (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	"1 digital audio file (1 hour, 5 minutes); Abstract (3 leaves); Transcript (37 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Denis Rodrigue Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2372, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Sea Grant Coastal Change Oral Histories Project	"Dr. Kenneth Klaus oral history interview, 2012"	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Verbal consent for audio use. No online use. Copyright is retained by interviewer and interviewee in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	2012	"LeBouef, Jessie,"	"Klaus discusses his life as a Louisiana resident, his deep connection to music, experience as a music professor, experience in hurricanes, racism in the South, education, and coastal erosion, climate change, and deltaic formation."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/lasg/Klaus_Kenneth_Dr._T4296.abs.pdf	"Dr. Kenneth Klaus is the author of a musical reference book entitled ""Chamber Music for Solo Voice and Instruments.""  He is a music professor at Nicholls State University."	"Klaus, Kenneth Sheldon, 1952---Interviews.; Coast changes--Louisiana.; Coastal animals--Louisiana.; Hurricane Andrew, 1992--Personal narratives.; Jazz--Louisiana--History and criticism.; Marsh animals--Louisiana.; Wildlife recovery--Louisiana.; Atchafalaya River Delta (La.); Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	1 digital audio file (56 minutes); Abstract (2 leaves); Transcript (27 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Dr. Kenneth Klaus Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2371, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Sea Grant Coastal Change Oral Histories Project	"Robert Griffin oral history interview, 2013"	"Griffin, Robert, -1952"	2013	"Griffin, Chadwick,"	"Griffin talks about his life growing up in Thibodaux Louisiana, and his involvement in the civil rights movement in the late 1950s-1970s."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/lasg/Griffin_Robert_T4293.abs.pdf	"Robert Griffin was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, and now lives in Thibodaux, Louisiana, where he's lived since he was a child. Griffin was very involved in the civil rights movement of the 1950s-1970s and participated in protests with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr."	"Griffin, Robert, 1952---Interviews.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--Thibodaux.; Civil rights movements--Louisiana--Thibodaux.; Thibodaux (La.)--History--20th century.; Thibodaux (La.)--Race relations."	1 digital audio file (16 minutes); Abstract (2 leaves); Index (5 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Robert Griffin Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2368, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisiana Sea Grant Coastal Change Oral Histories Project	"Timothy James ""Timmy"" Vincent oral history interview, 2012"	"Vincent, Timothy James, -1952"	2012	"Wilkins, Darcy,"	"Vincent shares memories from his childhood in Erath, Louisiana, and discusses his lifelong interest in the outdoors. Vincent goes into some detail on his Acadian and French ancestry, the history of Acadians in south Louisiana, and Acadian farming techniques. He recalls efforts to phase out, then reinstitute the Cajun French language and describes the languages spoken in his family. Primarily, Vincent focuses on his role as manager of the Paul J. Rainey Wildlife Sanctuary and the changes he's seen to the coastal wetlands of Southeast Louisiana throughout his lifetime. This includes saltwater intrusion, coastal erosion, increased channelization for commercial shipping, changes in the type and number of plant and animal species present, and impacts on the local culture, economy, and population. He touches on the seafood industry, farming, cattle and horse ranching and early cattle drives in Louisiana, hunting and trapping, the introduction of nutria, Louisiana innovations prodded by a lack of resources, the impact of hurricanes on coastal communities, and government regulations on rebuilding in flood areas."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/lasg/Vincent_Timmy_T4162.abs.pdf	"Timmy Vincent was born in Abbeville, Louisiana, in 1952, and grew up in nearby Erath. Vincent is manager for the Paul J. Rainey Wildlife Sanctuary in Vermillion Parish, Louisiana. At the time of this interview, he had worked there for sixteen years and was living at the sanctuary's headquarters.  Vincent's grandparents were of Acadian and French ancestry; they worked as farmers and furniture store owners. His father was an insurance agent and his mother was a home economics teacher. Vincent is a lifelong resident of coastal Louisiana, a former muskrat trapper, and a speaker of English, French and Acadian French."	"Vincent, Timothy James, 1952---Interviews.; Cajun French dialect--Louisiana.; Cajuns--Louisiana--History.; Cattle drives--Louisiana--History.; Coypu--Louisiana.; Hunting--Louisiana.; Ranching--Louisiana.; Trapping--Louisiana.; Wetland animals--Louisiana.; Wetland biodiversity--Louisiana.; Wetland plants--Louisiana.; Wetlands--Louisiana.; Erath (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Paul J. Rainey Wildlife Refuge and Game Preserve (La.)"	1 digital audio file (58 minutes); Index (8 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Timothy James ""Timmy"" Vincent Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.2279, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"Adolphe Gueymard oral history interview, 2005"	"Gueymard, Adolphe, 1913-2008"	2005	"Marmande, Ann Marie,"	"Adolphe Gueymard discusses his family, his attendance and military training at Louisiana State University, and his training after being called to active duty.  Gueymard described especially his service in Europe during the war at Normandy, France; Boekel, Holland; Bastogne, Belgium; and Berchtesgaden, Germany."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Gueymard_Adolphe_T3444.abs.pdf	"Adolphe Gueymard was born in Carville, La., and attended Louisiana State University between 1930 and 1935.  He was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Army Reserve, was called to active duty in 1942, and served in the 101st Airborne Division in Europe during World War II."	"Gueymard, Adolphe, 1913-2008--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Military education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; World War, 1939-1945--Europe--Personal narratives, American.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--France--Normandy--Personal narratives, American.; Ardennes, Battle of the, 1944-1945--Personal narratives, American."	1 sound cassette (44 minutes); Transcript (23 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Adolphe Gueymard Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1742, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"Buddy Boudreaux oral history interview, 1999"	"Boudreaux, Buddy, -1917"	1999	"Rost, Jude Noah,"	"Boudreaux discusses his family and early life in Baton Rouge; his training with the U.S. Army Air Corps at ""Tent City,"" a basic training center in St. Petersburg, Fla.; memorable events he witnessed in North Africa and Italy; playing in a seven-piece jazz ensemble; his experiences with other cultures, including French Moroccans, Arabs, British, and Italians; the various armies in Italy and the difficulty of fighting there; and his experiences of V-E Day in Italy, life in the United States at the end of the war, and his discharge from the service."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Boudreaux_Buddy_T1664.abs.pdf	"Buddy Boudreaux was born in Donaldsonville, La., on December 27, 1917, to Edward Boudreaux Sr. and Rena Landry Boudreaux.  He attended public grammar and high schools in Baton Rouge, La.  Boudreaux served in the U.S. Army Air Corps between 1943 and 1945, playing in a seven-piece jazz ensemble at officers' clubs, USO shows, and other venues in North Africa and Italy.  After the war, he graduated from the University of California at Berkeley and returned to Baton Rouge, working for Exxon for 40 years.  He was also a popular jazz musician in the Baton Rouge and New Orleans areas."	"Boudreaux, Buddy, 1917---Interviews.; United States.--Army Air Forces--Airmen.; United States.--Army Air Forces--Bands.; Interpersonal relations and culture--Africa, North.; Interpersonal relations and culture--Italy.; Military training camps--Florida--Saint Petersburg.; V-E Day, 1945--Italy.; World War, 1939-1945--Africa, North--Personal narratives, American.; World War, 1939-1945--Italy--Personal narratives, American.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--Italy."	1 sound cassette (52 minutes); Transcript (36 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Buddy Boudreaux Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1138, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"Dr. Vance Byars with Nell Byars oral history interview, 1997"	"Byars, Vance, 1923-2002"	1997	"Byars, Nell,; Foster, Adele, -1925"	"Byars discusses his early life and father's work, but primarily describes his service during World War II.  He discusses General Troy Middleton, the battle and collapse of the Remagen bridge, German atrocities against Jews and American soldiers, and the Battle of H{uml}urtgen Forest."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Byars_Vance&Nell.abs.pdf	"Dr. Vance Byars (1923-2002) was born in Shreveport, La., and raised in several places in East Texas while following his father's oilfield work.  He attended Louisiana State University in 1939 and enlisted in the National Guard at age 16.  He served in the Army during World War II and remained in the Reserves until 1987."	"Byars, Vance, 1923-2002--Interviews.; Byars, Nell, 1925---Interviews.; Middleton, Troy H.--(Troy Houston), 1889-1976.; Oil fields--Texas.; Holocaust, Jewish (1939-1945)--Germany.; World War, 1939-1945--Atrocities--Germany.; H{uml}urtgen Forest, Battle of, Germany, 1944.; Ludendorff-Br{uml}ucke (Remagen, Germany)"	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Transcript (38 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Dr. Vance Byars with Nell Byars Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0831, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"Edward J. Davis, Jr. oral history interview, 1999"	"Davis, Edward J. 1923 or 4-2012"	1999	"Alberts, John,"	"Davis discusses his service aboard the USS Kalk as a range finder operator and gunner's mate from June 1942 through December 1945.  His recollections include patrolling the Aleutian Islands, escorting convoys to North Africa in preparation for Operation Torch, escorting a convoy to Murmansk, Russia, by way of the Panama Canal, and stops in Papua, New Guinea.  Davis recalls the bombing of the Kalk at Biak Island, the injury he sustained in the attack, and his recovery.  He recounts steering the ship through a deadly typhoon off the Philippines and witnessing Japan's surrender on the deck of the USS Missouri.  He recalls other highlights from his service, his trip back to Louisiana, and after the war."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Davis_Edward.pdf	"Edward Davis attended Catholic High School in Baton Rouge, La.  He joined the U.S. Navy on July 2, 1942, and served primarily on the USS Kalk in the European and Pacific Theaters during World War II.  He was awarded the Purple Heart due to an injury he suffered when the Kalk was bombed in 1944.  After the war, Davis settled in Baton Rouge where he attended Louisiana State University, married and had three children.  He died in 2012 at age eighty-eight."	"Davis, Edward J.--(Edward James), 1923 or 4-2012--Interviews.; United States.--Navy--Military life.; Kalk (Destroyer : DD 611); Missouri (Battleship : BB-63); World War, 1939-1945--Alaska--Aleutian Islands--Naval operations, American.; World War, 1939-1945--Indonesia--Biak Island--Naval operations, American.; World War, 1939-1945--Papua New Guinea--Naval operations, American.; Naval convoys--United States.; Sailors--Wounds and injuries--United States.; Typhoons--Philippines."	1 sound cassette (46 minutes); Transcript (40 leaves); Abstract (2 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Edward J. Davis, Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1139, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"Floyd Bourgeois oral history interview, 1996"	"Bourgeois, Floyd, 1922-2010"	1996	"Foster, Adele,"	"Bourgeois discusses his family, his military training, England during the war, his work with the Judge Advocate General's Office as they moved through Europe, his marriage and time spent in the United States before his discharge, and his work after the war, particularly with Exxon."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Bourgeois_Floyd_T993.pdf	Floyd Bourgeois served in the Seventh Corps Headquarters Judge Advocate General's Office during World War II.	"Bourgeois, Floyd, 1922-2010--Interviews.; United States.--Army.--Army, 7th.; United States.--Army.--Judge Advocate General's Dept.; Exxon Corporation--Employees.; Courts-martial and courts of inquiry--United States.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--Europe.; World War, 1939-1945--Great Britain."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (28 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Floyd Bourgeois Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0673, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"Frank L. ""Dusty"" Rhoades oral history interview, 1999"	"Rhoades, Frank L., -1921"	1999	"Rost, Jude Noah,"	"Rhoades discusses his family and education; attending Louisiana Polytechnic Institute; his training as an aircraft engineer and pilot; bombing missions over Germany flown from his base in northern England; his work in natural gas engineering in South Louisiana; owning a machine shop in Bossier City, La.; working for an ordnance plant near Minden, La.; his jobs in aircraft construction; his work in petroleum pipeline engineering in Texas, Alaska, and Saudi Arabia; and Saudi Arabian cultural customs."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Rhoades_Frank.abs.pdf	"Frank L. ""Dusty"" Rhoades was born in Shreveport, La., and attended the Louisiana Polytechnic Institute before enlisting in the Army Air Corps at the start of World War II.  He served as a bomber pilot flying a B-24 ""Liberator.""  He graduated from the Louisiana Polytechnic Institute and the University of Oklahoma and worked a variety of positions in the natural gas, aircraft, and petroleum engineering fields."	"Rhoades, Frank L., 1921---Interviews.; Louisiana Polytechnic Institute.; Louisiana Army Ammunition Plant (U.S.); World War, 1939-1945--Aerial operations, American.; World War, 1939-1945--Personal narratives, American.; Bombers--Piloting--United States.; B-24 (Bomber); Gas industry--Louisiana--Employees.; Machine shops--Louisiana--Bossier City.; Ordnance--Louisiana--Manufacture.; Aircraft industry--United States--Employees.; Petroleum pipeline industry--Texas--Employees.; Petroleum pipeline industry--Alaska--Employees.; Petroleum pipeline industry--Saudi Arabia--Employees.; Saudi Arabia--Social life and customs--20th century."	2 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (120 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Frank L. ""Dusty"" Rhoades Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1171, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"General O.B. Johnson oral history interview, 1997"	"Johnson, Oris B., 1920-1999"	1997	"Foster, Adele,"	"Johnson discusses his family, childhood, education, and teaching in high school; his flight training and service with the Army Air Corps in the United States and Europe during World War II; his postwar assignments including commanding the Washington Area Air Defense Sector and the 14th Aero Space Force; attending the Imperial Defense College in London; early events in the Cold War; the contribution of his wife to his career; his involvement with the Korean and Vietnam Wars; and his government service in Shreveport."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Johnson_OB.abs.pdf	"General O. B. Johnson served as a pilot in the U.S. Army Air Corps in Europe during World War II.  He supervised the development of advanced fighter aircraft and their implementation during the Korean War.  He later commanded the Washington Area Air Defense Sector, the 14th Aero Space Force, and the 313th Air Division.  After retiring from the Air Force in 1973, Johnson served in several positions in the Shreveport city government and as undersecretary of public safety under the Treen administration."	"Johnson, Oris B., 1920-1999--Interviews.; United States.--Army.--Air Corps.; United States.--Air Force.--Washington Area Air Defense Sector.; United States.--Air Force.--Aero Space Force, 14th.; United States.--Air Force.--Air Division, 313th.; Imperial Defense College.; World War, 1939-1945--Europe--Aerial operations, American.; World War, 1939-1945--Europe--Aerial operations, British.; Korean War, 1950-1953--Aerial operations, American.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975--Aerial operations, American.; Cold War.; Generals' spouses--Louisiana.; Shreveport (La.)--Politics and government--20th century."	3 sound cassettes (3.5 hours); Transcript (140 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"General O.B. Johnson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0821, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"Ida Turcan oral history interview, 1997"	"Turcan, Ida, 1918-2004"	1997	"Foster, Adele."	"The interview details early to mid-twentieth century life in south Louisiana, and describes extensively one woman's experience as an armed services nurse overseas during World War II.  Considerable detail is also given to Turcan's nursing experience during Hurricane Audrey, which hit Southwest Louisiana in 1957.  Finally, Turcan speaks to the nature of contemporary military life, particularly on women's roles and scandals involving women in the military."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Turcan_Ida.abs.pdf	"Ida Turcan was born Ida Dicks in Mandeville, La. in 1918.  She graduated from Touro Infirmary Nursing School in New Orleans in 1939 and entered the Army Nurse Corps the same year.  Turcan served as an army nurse in North Africa and Italy during World War II, and returned to Louisiana in 1945.  In 1957, she received a bachelor's degree in nursing education through the GI Bill.  She also met her husband in 1957 in Baton Rouge, La., and they married in 1958.  They lived in Arizona, Missouri, and Georgia before returning to Baton Rouge, La. in retirement."	"Turcan, Ida, 1918-2004--Interviews.; United States.--Army Nurse Corps.; World War, 1939-1945--United States--Participation, Female.; Military nursing--United States.; Hurricanes--Louisiana.; Hurricane Audrey, 1957.; Women and the military--United States.; United States--Armed Forces--Nurses.; Louisiana--Social conditions--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 45 minutes); Transcript (85 p.)."	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ida Turcan Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0829, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"Joseph Emile Dupont Jr. oral history interview, 2001-2002."	"Dupont, Joseph Emile, 1922-2005"	2001-2002.	"Abraham, Jennifer,"	"Session I concerns Dupont's early life; his inspiration for joining the Marine Corps; boot camp in San Diego; and his passage through Hawaii, Guam, Midway Island, and Manila.  He talks at length about being stationed in Shanghai in 1941.  The interview ends with the Japanese attack on Manila, where he was in a hospital, on December 9, 1941.; Session II deals with the period between December 1941 and May 1942, during which time Dupont served on Corregidor in the Philippines.  He describes details of life there while under siege by the Japanese, the fighting on Bataan and Corregidor, and his eventually being forced to surrender.; In Sessions III & IV, Dupont describes conditions in several prison camps in the Philippines, including Bilibid Prison in Manila, the hospital at Bilibid Prison, and prison camps in Cabanatuan and Palawan Island.  He recounts details of hard labor including building an airfield in the jungle on Palawan Island, lack of food and clothing, poor shelter, diseases, maltreatment by guards, and encounters with wild animals.  He describes the Battle of Manila, his subsequent liberation from Bilibid Prison, readjusting to life after his freedom, and his homecoming to Louisiana.  He also discusses the ""hell ships,"" Japanese ships carrying American prisoners of war that were sunk unknowingly by American submarines, and the massacre of American POWs on Palawan Island on December 14, 1944.; Session V concerns the postwar rehabilitation of Dupont and his close friends, all of whom had war-related disabilities.  He describes his homecoming, meeting and marrying his wife, creating a life as a visually impaired veteran, and his work for the Department of Veterans Affairs.; In Session VI, Dupont tells of his childhood in Plaquemine in the 1920s and 1930s, the Mississippi River flood of 1927, his family background, life along the river, the Depression, his schooling, activities of teenagers, and joining the Marines."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Dupont_Joseph_T2037-2042.abs.pdf	"Joseph Emile Dupont Jr. was born on February 2, 1922, in Plaquemine, La.  He graduated from Plaquemine High School in 1940 and joined the U.S. Marine Corps.  Dupont served in the Pacific Theater during World War II, fighting at the Battle of Corregidor where he was taken prisoner by the Japanese in May 1942.  He was held captive at Cabanatuan, Palawan Island, and Manila in the Philippines until January 1945.  After returning to the United States, he married Angela Hannon on September 5, 1946.  They moved back to Plaquemine and had six children.  Dupont worked in the Iberville Parish Department of Veterans Affairs as a veterans' service officer until retiring in 1980.  He died in 2005."	"Dupont, Joseph Emile, 1922-2005--Interviews.; United States.--Marine Corps--History--World War, 1939-1945.; Louisiana.--Dept. of Veterans' Affairs--Officials and employees.; Bilibid Prison (Manila, Philippines); Cabanatuan (Philippines : Concentration camp); Palawan Barracks (Concentration camp); World War, 1939-1945--Atrocities--Philippines--Personal narratives, American.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--Philippines--Personal narratives, American.; World War, 1939-1945--Philippines--Prisoners and prisons, Japanese--Personal narratives, American.; World War, 1939-1945--Veterans--Louisiana.; Bataan, Battle of, Philippines, 1942--Personal narratives, American.; Palawan Massacre, Philippines, 1944.; Ex-prisoners of war--Rehabilitation--United States.; Depressions--1929--Louisiana.; Floods--Mississippi River Valley.; River life--Louisiana--Plaquemine.; Corregidor Island (Philippines)--History, Military--20th century.; Plaquemine (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Manila (Philippines)--History--20th century.; Shanghai (China)--History--20th century.; China--History--1937-1945."	6 sound cassettes (9 hours); Abstract (8 leaves); Transcript (364 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Joseph Emile Dupont Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1409, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"Nell Byars oral history interview, 1997"	"Byars, Nell, -1925"	1997	"Foster, Adele,"	"Byars discusses her family; her father's immigration from Italy to Louisiana, his shoe store, and his early death in a trolley accident; her home life and education in Baton Rouge; the effects of the war on the preparation for her wedding; following her husband to different posts and writing one another during the war; Baton Rouge during the war; her husband's return and their life together after the war; and her husband's medical education in New Orleans and practice in Baton Rouge."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Byars_Nell.abs.pdf	"Nell Byars was born in Shreveport, La., in 1925.  She graduated from Baton Rouge High School and married Vance Byars in 1943.  She kept the account books for his Baton Rouge medical practice that he began in 1960."	"Byars, Nell, 1925---Interviews.; Immigrants--Louisiana.; Italians--Louisiana.; Widows--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Weddings--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Wives--Effect of husband's employment on--United States.; World War, 1939-1945--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Physicians' spouses--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (37 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Nell Byars Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0830, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"Ralph Sims oral history interview, 1997"	"Sims, Ralph, 1916-2009"	1997	"Foster, Adele."	"Sims describes his family background and his hometown, Donaldsonville, his work at WJBO radio before and after the war and his association with station owner Charles Manship, Sr., and his training and experiences as a member of a B-17 flight crew during World War II, including his participation in D-Day.  He offers details about debriefings after his missions and the ""official"" news in the STARS AND STRIPES.  He also relates his career after the war and radio and his involvement in the Rotary Club."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Sims_Ralph.abs.pdf	"Ralph Sims was born in Donaldsonville, La. in 1916.  He joined the Army Air Corps during World War II and was a tailgunner in a B-17 ""Flying Fortress.""  Sims's wife, Eliza, worked as a secretary at Ethyl Corporation in Baton Rouge during the war.  Returning home after his first tour, he continued to work at WJBO radio in Baton Rouge.  Leaving radio, he worked for Crawford Corporation and Fidelity National Bank.  He retired from the bank in 1982 and remained active in Louisiana Rotary Club.  Ralph Sims passed away on Feb 13, 2009."	"Manship, Charles S., Sr.; Rotary Club (Baton Rouge, La.); United States.--Army.--Air Corps--Aerial gunners.; Rotary International.; WJBO (Radio Station : Baton Rouge, La.); Flight crews--United States.; World War, 1939-1945--Aerial operations, American.; B-17 bomber.; Bombing, Aerial--Germany--History--20th century.; World War, 1939-1945--Journalism, Military--United States.; Bank marketing--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Civic leaders--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Donaldsonville (La.)--History--20th century.; Baton Rouge (La.)--History--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (2 hours, 35 minutes); Transcript (96 p.)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ralph Sims Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0827, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"Richard E. Ammon Jr. oral history interview, 1999"	"Ammon, Richard E., "	1999	"Pattillo, Laura Grace, -1970"	"Ammon discusses his 20 years of service with the U.S. Navy on twelve different ships.  He talks at length about his time on the U.S.S. Kidd, the U.S.S. Bache, and the U.S.S. McCaffery.  Ammon describes the poor condition of the U.S.S. Bache, the challenge of repairing it, its sinking while anchored off Rhodes in 1968, and the work required to salvage it.  He also describes the relations among sailors aboard the U.S.S. McCaffery during the Vietnam War."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Ammon_Richard_T1661.abs.pdf	"Richard E. Ammon Jr. was born in Richmond, Ind.  He joined the U.S. Navy in January 1955 after graduating from high school.  Ammon spent the next 20 years serving on a dozen Navy ships, sailing around the world several times over.  One of his longest assignments was with the U.S.S. Kidd from 1959 to 1963.  He retired in December 1974 and was residing in Winter Park, Fla., at the time of this interview."	"Ammon, Richard E., Jr.--Interviews.; Kidd, Isaac C.--(Isaac Campbell), 1919-1999.; United States.--Navy--Sea life.; Kidd (Destroyer); Bache (Destroyer); McCaffery (Destroyer); Destroyers (Warships)--United States--Maintenance and repair.; Port cities--Mediterranean Region.; Salvage--Greece--Rhodes.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975--Naval operations, American."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 14 minutes); Abstract (2 leaves); Transcript (48 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Richard E. Ammon Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1135, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Louisianans in the Military Oral History Project	"Robert H. Barrow oral history interview, 1992"	"Barrow, Robert H."	1992	"Soderbergh, Peter A."	"Interview discusses Robert H. Barrow's life and experiences while serving in the Marine Corps from 1941 to his appointment as Commandant of the Marine Corps in 1978.  Topics include the following in chronological order: his family and educational background in St. Francisville, Louisiana; life as a student at Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge; the decision to join the Marine Corps following Pearl Harbor; service in World War II in China; downsizing of the Corps following the war; his service in the Korean War; the liberation of Seoul, Korea; general involvement in the Korean War (Hill 1081, Battles of Hungnam, Pusan, Peleliu); his marriage and assignments following the Korean War; his service in the Vietnam War; strategy, warfare, and tactics in Vietnam; assignment to Parris Island; service as Deputy Chief of Staff of Manpower; assignment and work as Commanding General of Fleet Marine Forces Atlantic until 1978; and his apppointment and work as Commandant until his retirement in 1983.; Additionally, topical subjects include Marines and married life; necessary qualities for a leader; operations in Laos; recruit training reforms; Marine discipline; Ronald Reagan as President; drug problems in the military; the image of the Marine Corps; the role of women in the Corps; and the continued need of the Marines and profile of the Corps in 1992-1993."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/military/Barrow_Robert.abs.pdf	"Commandant U. S. Marine Corps, Ret."	"United States.--Marine Corps--History.; United States.--Marine Corps--Recruiting, enlistment, etc.; United States.--Marine Corps--Officers.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--China--Personal narratives, American.; Korean War, 1950-1953--Personal narratives, American.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975--Personal narratives, American."	10 sound cassettes (14 hours); Transcript (509 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Robert H. Barrow Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0097, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Athletics at LSU	"Joe Dean oral history interview, 1995, 1997."	"Dean, Joe "	"1995, 1997."	"Demarest, Fred,"	"Dean discusses playing high school basketball in Indiana, the social life of students at Louisiana State University, playing basketball at LSU and its reception by the students, playing for the Phillips 66 Oilers of the National Industrial Basketball League, his work for Converse and as a television color analyst for SEC basketball, and his time as LSU athletic director."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/athletics/Dean_Joe_T764_T765.abs.pdf	"Joe Dean played basketball for LSU between 1948 and 1952, spent almost 20 years as a nationally-known television color analyst for SEC basketball, and was LSU Athletic Director between 1987 and 2001."	"Dean, Joe--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Basketball.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Athletic Dept.; Phillips 66 Oilers (Basketball team); National Industrial Basketball League.; Converse (Firm)--Employees.; Basketball--Indiana.; Basketball--Southern States.; Television announcing."	2 sound cassettes (2.25 hours); Transcript (94 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Joe Dean Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0527, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer and   heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Athletics at LSU	"Lora Hinton oral history interview, 1993"	"Hinton, Lora, -1953"	1993	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Hinton discusses his family, his attendance at an integrated junior high school and high school, his decision to attend LSU, his experiences playing football for LSU, and his relationships with the other members of the team."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/athletics/Hinton_Lora_T460_T461.abs.pdf	Lora Hinton was the first African-American student to receive an LSU football scholarship.	"Hinton, Lora, 1953---Interviews.; McClendon, Charles.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Football.; African American football players--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Football players--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Social life and customs.; Football coaches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (84 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lora Hinton Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0327, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Andrew Babin oral history interview, 1992"	"Babin, Andrew, 1895-1998"	1992	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"Interview discusses Babin's years as a cadet and student at Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.) prior to his graduation in 1917. Topics include hazing activities, interclass rivalries, demerits, drills, student leisure activities, dating, college courses, punishments for violating rules, LSU professors, school food, and Louisiana Governor Sam Houston Jones."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Babin_Andrew_T124.abs.pdf	"Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge alumnus."	"Babin, Andrew, 1895-1998--Interviews.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--History.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (56 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Andrew Babin Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0099, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"John Blanchard oral history interview, 1993"	"Blanchard, John, -1922"	1993	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"Blanchard discusses the Blanchard and Peyton families, his childhood during the Great Depression, his mother's insistence on education, his attendance at LSU, his reasons for studying journalism, his journalism courses, individual LSU faculty members, The Reveille staff, and Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity life."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Blanchard_John_T369.abs.pdf	"John Blanchard was born in West Carroll Parish, La., on January 16, 1922, the youngest of 13 children raised on a cotton farm during the Great Depression.  He graduated from high school in Epps, La., in 1939, attended Northeast Junior College, then transferred to Louisiana State University in 1941.  Majoring in journalism, Blanchard eventually becoming editor-in-chief of The Reveille.  He also was a member of Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity.  After graduation he worked in public relations for ten years, then for the newspaper business."	"Blanchard, John, 1922---Interviews.; Blanchard family.; Peyton family.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--School of Journalism.; Lambda Chi Alpha.--Upsilon Zeta Chapter (Louisiana State University); Reveille.; Depressions--1929--Louisiana.; Journalism, College--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; West Carroll Parish (La.)--History--20th century."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 10 minutes); Transcript (42 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John Blanchard Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0243, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Virginia Lanier Martin Carmouche oral history interview, 1994"	"Carmouche, Virginia Lanier Martin, -1923"	1994	"Hebert, Mary J."	"Carmouche reminisces about her family and growing up in Thibodaux, La.  She discusses her LSU experience, including campus life and as a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma.  Carmouche also reveals her law school experiences and how she met her husband. Also included is a discussion of her family's involvement in politics."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Carmouche_Virginia_T628_T629_T676.abs.pdf	"Born Virginia Martin in Thibodaux, La., in 1923, Carmouche followed family tradition and attended LSU on a legislative scholarship.  She graduated with the class of 1944 and went on to law school.  She has been a member of the board of the LSU Foundation as well as being an active member of the LSU Alumni Association."	"Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Alumni and alumnae.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Law School.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Depressions--1929--United States.; World War, 1939-1945--Social aspects--Louisiana.; Thibodaux (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	"3 sound cassettes (3 hours, 45 minutes); Transcript (113 p.)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Virginia Lanier Martin Carmouche Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0441, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Pat Cheramie oral history interview, 1994"	"Cheramie, Pat, -1944"	1994	"Campbell, Melisse."	"Cheramie discusses student life at LSU in the 1960s, including sorority and fraternity activities, her courses in journalism, and working for the REVEILLE, STATE-TIMES, AND MORNING ADVOCATE, her decision to pursue a career in television, and her work at WBRZ.  She also mentions the Kennedy assassination and the impact of the Cuban Missile Crisis on LSU's homecoming."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Cheramie_Pat_T622.abs.pdf	"Born in 1944 on the west bank of New Orleans, Pat Cheramie became the first in her family to attend college.  She graduated from LSU in 1966 with a degree in journalism and went on to work at WBRZ in Baton Rouge, where she remained for over twenty-five years and served as station manager."	"Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--History--20th century.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--School of Journalism.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; WBRZ-TV (Television station : Baton Rouge, La.); Television stations--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Management.; Television advertising--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Marketing.; Women college students--United States--Social life and customs--20th century.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; American newspapers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (.75 hour); Transcript (38 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Pat Cheramie Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0439, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Albert L. Clary oral history interview, 1993-1994."	"Clary, Albert Lloyd, 1926-1999"	1993-1994.	"Besch, Everett Dickman, -1924"	"Clary discusses his family background and education, early experiences with LSU in the 1930s before attending, veterans, including himself, returning to the university after World War II and university issues specific to them after the war and his involvement in them. Clary also relates his military service during the Korean War.  Additionally, he describes his participation in the changes in the LSU Office of the Registrar, including technology implementation, raising admission standards, and the university's admissions policy on African Americans and the desegregation of LSU.  He also discusses administrative topics such as response to student protests, the growth of both the physical campus and university academic programs, and student discipline.  Clary also remembers various administrators from his tenure at LSU."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Clary_Albert_all_tapes.abs.pdf	"Albert L. Clary, Jr. was born in Opelousas, La., on 27 January 1926 and died on 21 April 1999 in Baton Rouge.  He entered LSU as a student in 1942, but his service in the Navy during World War II interrupted his education.  He returned in 1946 and completed a bachelor of arts and master's degree in education.  While teaching in the public school system from 1948 to 1950, Clary obtained a position at LSU as the assistant to the university registrar, but soon thereafter he was called to active service in the army for the Korean War.  His service there included devising and implementing an education program for Chinese and Korean prisoners of war.  In 1952 he returned to LSU as assistant to the registrar and became the coordinator of institutional research.  Four years later he became the registrar of the university.  Upon the dissolution of the registrar's office, Clary became the director of academic services.  In 1986, he became the executive assistant to the vice chancellor for academic affairs.  Clary retired from LSU in 1988.  He was an active member in a number of professional organizations throughout his career including, AACRAO and SACRAO."	"Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Admission.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Office of the Registrar.; Korean War, 1950-1953--Naval operations, American.; Education, Higher--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College integration--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College integration--Law and legislation--Louisiana."	"6 sound cassettes (8 hours, 45 minutes); Transcript (386 p.)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Albert L. Clary Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0398, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Claude Couvillion oral history interview, 1992"	"Couvillion, Claude Charles, 1905-1995"	1992	"Dean, Pamela, -1946; Besch, Everett Dickman, -1924"	"Couvillion discusses farming in Avoyelles Parish in the early 20th century, his attendance at LSU in the late 1920s, President Thomas Boyd, various professors at LSU, his work to eradicate the sugarcane borer and the corn borer, the Mississippi River flood of 1927, his work as a vocational agriculture teacher in Houma and a county agent in Terrebonne Parish, the impact of electricity on farm communities, and his ownership of a hardware and feed store in Baton Rouge."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Couvillion_Claude_T123.abs.pdf	"Claude Couvillion (1905-1995) received his bachelor's (1929) and master's (1935) degrees from LSU.  He was a vocational agriculture teacher in Houma, La., and a county agent for the Cooperative Extension Service in Terrebonne Parish, La."	"Couvillion, Claude Charles, 1905-1995--Interviews.; Boyd, Thomas Duckett, 1854-1932.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Agriculture--Louisiana--Avoyelles Parish.; Sugarcane borer--Louisiana.; Southern corn borer--Ohio.; Floods--Mississippi River.; Hardware stores--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (89 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Claude Couvillion Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0098, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"John A. Cox oral history interview, 1995"	"Cox, John A. 1912-2003"	1995	"Frye, James."	"Cox discusses campus life in the 1930s, including how students paid for school during the Depression and Huey Long's involvement with the university.  He also discusses various campus buildings and the landscaping of the campus."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Cox_John_T704.abs.pdf	"A long time resident of Baton Rouge, Cox attended LSU from 1934-1940.  He obtained a master's degree in horticulture and plant pathology and served as a ROTC cadet from 1934-1938."	"Long, Huey Pierce, 1893-1935.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Landscape gardening--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Depressions--1929--United States."	1 sound cassette (30 minutes); Transcript (18 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John A. Cox Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0490, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Myron Falk oral history interview, 1993"	"Falk, Myron, 1906-1997"	1993	"Campbell, Melisse Lynn, -1970"	"The interview describes Falk's family history, his education at Tulane, editing Tulane's newspaper, Hullabaloo, in association with Harnett Kane and Betty Werlein. Falk describes his wife, Roberta's, family history, her work on LSU's student paper, The Reveille, her impressions of LSU's School of Journalism, her Master degree in Social Work from Tulane, her career in social work and her job with the Louisiana Conference of Social Welfare.; Also described are Falk's work for the Transients and Migrants program during the Depression, the impact of the Depression on college graduates, his writings, and his presentations before the U.S. Congress."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Falk_Myron_T467.abs.pdf	"Falk, a writer and advocate of social welfare, endowed a scholarship in the School of Journalism, Louisiana State University."	"Falk, Myron, 1906-1997--Interviews.; Kane, Harnett T.--(Harnett Thomas), 1910-1984.; Falk, Roberta.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--School of Social Welfare.; Tulane University.--School of Social Work.; Depressions--1929--United States.; Social work education--Louisiana.; Women journalists--Louisiana.; Public welfare--Louisiana."	1 sound cassette (.75 hours); Transcript (24 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Myron Falk Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0330, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and   his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Jack Fiser oral history interview, 1993"	"Fiser, Jack 1918-1999"	1993	"Campbell, Melisse Lynn, -1970"	"Fiser discusses the design and construction of the LSU campus in Baton Rouge, the LSU Scandals, presidents David and Thomas Boyd, and the Cadet Corps."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Fiser_Jack_T596.abs.pdf	"Jack Fiser (1918-1999) attended Louisiana State University from 1934 to 1938, served with the Marines during World War II, and graduated from LSU with a B.A. after returning from the war.  He worked for the Baton Rouge Morning Advocate and later edited the LSU Alumni Magazine."	"Fiser, Jack--(John Walter), 1918-1999--Interviews.; Boyd, David French, 1834-1899.; Boyd, Thomas Duckett, 1854-1932.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--History.; College campuses--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Design.; Military education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (.75 hours); Transcript (34 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jack Fiser Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0419, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Lloyd Funchess oral history interview, 1976"	"Funchess, Lloyd V. "	1976	"Newell, Ralph."	"Interview concerns the composition of the LSU alma mater and Funchess's work at LSU as bandmaster (1925), teacher at the School of Music (1929), and faculty member (1930-1937); and as Louisiana state supervisor of music."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Funchess_Lloyd_T24.abs.pdf	"Faculty member of Louisiana State University, composer of the LSU alma mater, and supervisor of music for the Louisiana State Dept. of Education."	"Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--School of Music.; Music--Instruction and study."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (26 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lloyd Funchess Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0020, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Henry L. Fuqua, Jr. oral history interview, 1979"	"Fuqua, Henry L. 1905-1992"	1979	"Crews, Susie."	"This interview with Henry Fuqua, Jr., deals with his family background, living in Baton Rouge, the Flood of 1912, his educational background, and his father.  Henry Fuqua, Jr. discusses his father's work as head of the penitentiary in Baton Rouge (1916) and, later, Angola; Henry Fuqua, Sr.'s run for governor (1924); and Fuqua Sr.'s work with Louisiana State University, Southern University, road building, and railroads.  Fuqua identifies photos of the sugar house and other buildings at Hope Farm in New Iberia; a hospital, cotton gin, and levees in the Atchafalaya swamp for the LSU Libraries Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections; and discusses the old governor's mansion and his father's defeat of Huey Long.; Individuals mentioned in the interview include Felton Clark, William H. Dalrymple, Eleanor Dalrymple, Huey Long, Thomas D. Boyd, Annie Boyd, and Hewitt Bouanchaud."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Fuqua_Henry_T25_T26.abs.pdf	"Son of Henry L. Fuqua, governor of Louisiana 1924-1926."	"Fuqua, Henry L.--(Henry Luse), 1905-1992--Interviews.; Fuqua, Henry L.--(Henry Luse), 1865-1926.; Louisiana State Penitentiary.; Dwellings--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1865-1950.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 20 minutes); Transcript (54 leaves); Index (1 leaf)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Henry L. Fuqua, Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0021, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and   his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Julia Hawkins oral history interview, 1997"	"Hawkins, Julia, ca. 1917-"	1997	"Fiser, Jack, 1918-1999,"	"Hawkins discusses her participation in the Senior Olympics, her family's decision to move from Wisconsin to Louisiana, getting married over the telephone, establishing a summer camp for girls, entertaining soldiers at her family's summer resort, rationing, and her children and their accomplishments."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Hawkins_Julia_T1184.abs.pdf	Julia Hawkins was an LSU graduate and Senior Olympian.	"Hawkins, Julia, ca. 1917---Interviews.; Senior Olympics.; Sports for older people--United States.; Camps for girls--United States.; Soldiers--Recreation--United States.; Rationing--United States."	1 sound cassette (30 minutes); Transcript (20 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Julia Hawkins Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0825, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Ted Holmes oral history interview, 1994"	"Holmes, Ted, "	1994	"Campbell, Melisse Lynn, -1970"	"Holmes discusses his family; editing and starting newspapers at U.S. Air Force bases; studying journalism at LSU; working for The Reveille; LSU faculty members; working for various Louisiana newspapers; and his public relations work for mostly agricultural agencies in Louisiana, Alabama, and Texas."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Holmes_Ted_T669.abs.pdf	"Ted Holmes was born in Forest, La., on March 23, 1930. While attending Louisiana College, he volunteered for four years of military service when the Korean War began.  He transferred to Louisiana State University upon his return, graduating in 1958 with a bachelor's degree in social sciences.  He received a master's degree from the LSU School of Journalism.  Holmes held numerous positions editing or starting newspapers."	"Holmes, Ted--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--School of Journalism.; United States.--Air Force--Journalists.; Reveille.; Journalism, College--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; American newspapers--Louisiana.; Agriculture--Public relations--Southern States."	1 sound cassette (1.25 hours); Transcript (36 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ted Holmes Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0467, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Jimmie H. Hoover oral history interview, 1999"	"Hoover, Jimmie H. 1930-2000"	1999	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Hoover describes his early life and education in Arkansas, his service in the U.S. Air Force, life in Libya during the 1950s, his library science training at Louisiana State University, the politics of the LSU-Baton Rouge and LSU-New Orleans library systems during the 1960s, his work with the American Legion, and integration at LSU-Baton Rouge and LSU-New Orleans."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Hoover_Jimmie_T1824_T1825.abs.pdf	"Jimmie H. Hoover was born in Board Camp, Ark., in 1930.  He attended the College of the Ozarks for a year, then graduated from Arkansas Polytechnic College in 1952.  Hoover served in the 34th Radio Squadron Mobile in Libya during the Korean War.  After his stint in the Air Force, Hoover started his master's study in library science at Louisiana State University, finishing his M.S. degree in 1958.  He worked in a succession of positions at the LSU-Baton Rouge and LSU-New Orleans libraries, including heading the Business Administration and Government Documents departments from 1968 until his retirement from LSU in 1984.  After retiring, he worked with the East Baton Rouge Parish Library and at the Centroplex Library.  He was married to Lillian Fitzgerald Hoover for forty years.  He died on April 1, 2000, at age 69."	"Hoover, Jimmie H.--(Jimmie Hartman), 1930-2000--Interviews.; United States.--Air Force--Airmen.; College of the Ozarks (Clarksville, Ark.)--Students.; Arkansas Polytechnic College--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Library School.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Library.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Faculty.; Louisiana State University in New Orleans--Library.; American Legion.; College integration--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College integration--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Arkansas--Social life and customs--20th century.; Libya--History--1951-1969."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 32 minutes); Abstract (3 leaves); Transcript (53 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jimmie H. Hoover Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1246, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Leona Spaht Huff oral history interview, 1995"	"Huff, Leona Spaht, 1909-2002"	1995	"O'Neill, Katherine Huff,"	"Huff discusses her family's life on their farm near Albany, Missouri; her early education in Albany; the family's move to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and their farm on Highland Road; the children's attendance at LSU; her study of home economics; student life at LSU; and her work for the Emergency Relief Administration during the Depression."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Huff_Leona_T730.abs.pdf	"Leona Spaht Huff moved with her family from Missouri to Louisiana in 1925. She studied home economics at LSU.  She taught home economics and English in Berwick, Louisiana, and later worked for the Emergency Relief Administration as a caseworker."	"Huff, Leona Spaht, 1909-2002--Interviews.; Spates family.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; United States.--Federal Emergency Relief Administration.; Farm life--Missouri.; Girls--Education--Missouri--Albany.; Home economics--Study and teaching (Higher)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Depressions--1929--Louisiana."	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Transcript (44 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Leona Spaht Huff Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0508, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"T. Earle Johnson oral history interview, 1992"	"Johnson, Thomas Earle, -1904"	1992	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"Johnson discusses his family and childhood, his early education, his attendance at the Louisiana State Normal College, his work as an elementary school teacher in Naborton, La., the early oil industry in Louisiana, and his attendance at LSU in the mid-1920s, including military training, social life, the hazing of freshmen, vandalism by freshmen, fraternity initiation, alcohol consumption by students, and the popularity of football.  He also discusses his meeting Huey Long, his graduation from LSU, his work as instructor of speech at LSU, and his tenure at the University of Alabama."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Johnson_T.E._T125-T128.abs.pdf	T. Earle Johnson graduated from LSU in 1926 and was an instructor of speech until 1928.  He received a master's degree from the University of Wisconsin and was a professor of speech at the University of Alabama from 1928 to 1969.	"Johnson, Thomas Earle, 1904---Interviews.; Johnson family.; Roberts family.; Long, Huey Pierce, 1893-1935.; Northwestern State College of Louisiana--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Football.; University of Alabama.--Dept. of Speech--Faculty.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana.; Military education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Ouachita Parish (La.)--History--20th century."	4 sound cassettes (5.5 hours); Transcript (165 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"T. Earle Johnson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0100, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the LSU Libraries in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Ruth Laney, Sr. oral history interview, 1994"	"Laney, Ruth, 1915-2004"	1994	"Laney, Ruth Hunley, -1944"	"Laney discusses her childhood, family, and friends in White Castle; her social life while attending LSU, especially dating, dances, sports, and Greek clubs; her memories of Huey Long; and many individuals she knew at LSU, including Carl Maddox."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Laney_Ruth_Sr_T681-T685.abs.pdf	"Ruth Laney graduated from LSU in 1939 and later was secretary to Carl Maddox, athletic director from 1968 to 1978."	"Laney, Ruth, 1915-2004--Interviews.; Long, Huey Pierce, 1893-1935.; Maddox, Carl, d. 1996.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.; Women college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Dating (Social customs)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Balls (Parties)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College sports--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; White Castle (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	5 sound cassettes (7 hours); Transcript (226 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ruth Laney, Sr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0476, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Shirley Love oral history interview, 1994"	"Love, Shirley "	1994	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"Love discusses her attendance at LSU, including studying dietetics, her friends and associates, marriage engagements, and activities in Delta Delta Delta Sorority."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Love_Shirley_T639.abs.pdf	"Shirley Love was born in Kansas and moved to Baton Rouge, La., at age 13.  She attended Louisiana State University, majoring in dietetics and joining Delta Delta Delta Sorority.  She became the chief dietician at Lafayette General Hospital where she worked for thirty years."	"Love, Shirley--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Delta Delta Delta.--Delta Omega Chapter (Louisiana State University); Dietetics--Louisiana.; Betrothal--Louisiana.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (30 minutes); Transcript (11 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Shirley Love Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0448, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"John J. McKeithen oral history interview, 1993"	"McKeithen, John J. 1918-1999"	1993	"Carleton, Mark T."	"The interview covers the life, career, political beliefs, and connections of John McKeithen up to 1993.  Significant topics include race relations, development of the Louisiana economic and environmental industry, state and federal politics and political figures, and history and staff of LSU during the years of McKeithen's involvement."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/McKeithen_John_T473.abs.pdf	"John J. McKeithen was born in Grayson, Caldwell Parish, La., in May 1918.  He graduated from LSU in 1940 and LSU Law School in 1942.  McKeithen married Marjorie Funderburk in 1942 and they had six children, including son Fox, who followed his father into a life of politics.  John McKeithen was elected to the Louisiana House of Representatives and served as floor leader under Gov. Earl Long in 1947.  He was elected governor himself in 1963, running as a segregationist Democrat, and served two consecutive terms in this office until 1972.  McKeithen was appointed to the LSU Board of Supervisors in 1981 by then Gov. Dave Treen.  John J. McKeithen died in June 1999 at the age of 81."	"McKeithen, John J.--(John Julian), 1918-1999--Interviews.; McKeithen, W. Fox.; Duke, David Ernest.; Louisiana.--Legislature.--House of Representatives.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Employees.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Board of Supervisors.; Universities and colleges--Louisiana.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana.; Race discrimination--Louisiana.; Louisiana--History--20th century.; Caldwell Parish (La.)--History--20th century."	"1 sound cassette (2 hours, 7 minutes); Transcript (69 p.)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John J. McKeithen Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0334, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer and   heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Glenn Lewis McMullen oral history interview, 1996"	"McMullen, Glenn L., "	1996	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Glenn McMullen recalls his years at Louisiana State University as an undergraduate and graduate student in the mid to late 1960s and early 1970s. He discusses his anti-Vietnam War activism, especially a 1967 protest that he helped organize with fellow philosophy student, Don Baker. He shares memories of his ROTC duties, his fraternity involvement with Delta Tau Delta, a job at Edwards' Orange Bowl, and of philosophy classes, professors, and fellow students. He recalls people's reactions to the Kennedy and King assassinations. He discusses growing up in Kenner, Louisiana, his early education, high school fraternity culture, and a few memories of race relations and school desegregation."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/McMullen_Glenn_T1100_T1101.pdf	"Glen Lewis McMullen was born in 1945, in Washington, D.C. His father, Louie McMullen, was a World War II navy veteran who worked for the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey in New Orleans. His mother, Jean Cloud, was primarily a homemaker. McMullen grew up in Kenner, Louisiana, and attended East Jefferson High School in Metairie. He began his college career in 1963 at Northeast Louisiana State College, but soon transferred to LSU-New Orleans, and then to LSU-Baton Rouge in 1964. He received several degrees form LSU: a B.A. in Philosophy in 1968, an M.A. in European History in 1972, and an MLIS in 1979. He has worked for the New Orleans Public Library, LSU Libraries, and the Indiana Historical Society. McMullen is now an independent contractor in publishing, living with his wife, Judy, in Austin, Texas."	"McMullen, Glenn L.--Interviews.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Delta Tau Delta Fraternity.--Epsilon Kappa Chapter (Louisiana State University); College students--Political activity--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Philosophy--Study and teaching (Higher)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975--Protest movements--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Kenner (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 sound cassette (18 minutes); Transcript (37 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Glenn Lewis McMullen Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0760, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Grover Rees oral history interview, 1991-1992."	"Rees, Grover, 1891-1994"	1991-1992.	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"Rees recalls his student years at LSU, 1908-1912, and Harvard Law School, 1912-1915. Mentions transportation from Breaux Bridge to Baton Rouge; The Hobos, a campus club; and his friends at LSU. He also mentions Thomas Boyd; Attakapas Indians; his book, ""Narrative history of Breaux Bridge""; and his job at Gulf Oil Corporation."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Rees_Grover_T94_T264.abs.pdf	"Grover Rees, born in Breaux Bridge, Louisiana in 1891, graduated from Louisiana State University in 1912 and then went to Harvard Law School, receiving a degree in 1915. Rees wrote a history of Breaux Bridge, ""Narrative history of Breaux Bridge""."	"Rees, Grover, 1891-1994--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Alumni and alumnae.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--History.; Harvard Law School--Students.; Louisiana--Description and travel."	"Transcript (22, 25 p.); 2 sound cassettes (2.5 hours)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Grover Rees Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0078, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Thomas Fuller Ruffin oral history interview, 2000-2005."	"Ruffin, Thomas F. "	2000-2005.	"Abraham, Jennifer,"	"Session I, which is transcribed, describes Ruffin's family and early life in Shreveport and Dallas, an incident where he was severely burned as a child when his nightgown caught on fire, his favorite teachers and subjects in elementary and high school, traveling for school clubs and on a trip through the West with his extended family, his hearing about the bombing of Pearl Harbor and losing friends in World War II, and his attending LSU and the activities he participated in as a student there.; Session II, which is transcribed, describes his youth and experience of the Depression in Shreveport and Dallas, his father's employment with Acme Brick Company, recreation and shopping in Shreveport and Dallas, transportation, his diverse neighborhood and classmates at Alexander School in Shreveport, religious beliefs, downtown Shreveport, Louisiana politicians and governors, C.E. Byrd and Fair Park High Schools in Shreveport, his coursework at LSU and student life there in the early to mid-1940s, ROTC and military service with the Navy, radar school and engineering classes at the University of Illinois and Columbia University, his experiences in Los Angeles and New York while enlisted, the perks of being in uniform during the war, his involvement with the Jaycees, accounts of veterans from the Civil War and World Wars I & II, and the devastation in Europe after World War II.; Session III, which is transcribed, describes classes and experiences at LSU before and after he served in World War II, military training at LSU, campus buildings, dining and recreation around campus, downtown Baton Rouge, urban transportation, the effect of students leaving for the war, dances, his favorite classes and professors, military leaders at LSU, daily life in ROTC, and how ROTC prepared him for the Navy.; Session IV, which is transcribed, relates recollections of Navy service in Los Angeles, Honolulu, Shanghai, and Hong Kong; political strife in China between Nationalists and Communists; people he befriended or helped in Hong Kong and Shanghai, including a man who wrote on scrolls and a little boy who helped him escape a fire fight; prostitution in China; people living on the streets and the high death rate; his view of Chinese culture and customs; his duties on board ship and on shore patrol; the process of being discharged from the Navy; providing medical aid to a boy who later died of cholera; trying to resolve fights among enlisted men and between enlisted men and locals; receiving mail on the ship; and his feelings on veterans of different wars.; Session V, which is transcribed, describes his work for the Acme Brick Company in Fort Worth and Shreveport; his involvement with the Jaycees in Shreveport and the community issues they tackled; marrying his wife, Joyce Toler, and their honeymoon; service as Jaycees state president then national vice president, including campaigning for positions and campaigns he undertook like teen driving safety and anti-fly and mosquito spraying; his meetings with several U.S. presidents; a story about Earl Long; his positive experiences from the Jaycees and feeling that the organization has weakened; and understanding other cultures and getting along with people he meets.; Session VI, which is indexed, discusses his work with Redman Industries in California, Merrill Lynch in San Antonio, and the Frances I. du Pont Company in Shreveport; his experiences in the brokerage business, including changes over time, technology, buyouts from other companies, female and minority employees, and stock strategies; service with the LSU Alumni Association; his perception that Louisiana lags behind; service with other organizations and boards; incidents of racism he's witnessed; information about his family; his interest in history, articles he's written, and the research and publishing of ""Under Stately Oaks; "" and interesting facts from LSU's history."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Ruffin_Thomas_all_tapes.abs.pdf	"Thomas Fuller Ruffin was born in Shreveport, La., in 1925, and graduated from C.E. Byrd High School.  He served with the U.S. Navy during World War II in the Atlantic, Caribbean, and Pacific, and continued to serve in China after the war.  Ruffin graduated from Louisiana State University with a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering in 1947.  He was the president of Ruffin Brick Co. and Ruffin Transportation, Inc., then worked for four decades in the stock brokerage industry, retiring as Vice President of Smith Barney, Inc.  Ruffin served on the board of many organizations during his lifetime, including the Volunteers of America, the LSU Athletic Council, and the Louisiana Historical Association.  He also served as National Vice President of the U.S. Jaycees. Ruffin published over 75 articles on the history of the Ark-La-Tex area, and was the author of ""Under Stately Oaks: A Pictorial History of LSU.""  He was married to Joyce Lucille Toler and after her death married Carol Miller Baker.  Ruffin and Baker were married for thirteen years until his death on April 30, 2009."	"Ruffin, Thomas F.--Interviews.; Ruffin, Joyce Lucille Toler.; United States.--Navy--Military life.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Reserve Officers Training Corps.; Acme Brick Company--Employees.; Redman Industries--Employees.; Merrill Lynch & Co. (1973- )--Employees.; Frances I. du Pont Company--Employees.; Jaycees International.; LSU Alumni Association.; Business brokerage--Louisiana--Shreveport.; Depressions--1929--Louisiana--Shreveport.; Depressions--1929--Texas--Dallas.; Education--Louisiana--Shreveport.; Military education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Voluntarism--Louisiana--Shreveport.; Volunteer workers in community development--Louisiana--Shreveport.; World War, 1939-1945--China--Personal narratives, American.; World War, 1939-1945--Veterans--United States.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; China--Social conditions--1912-1949.; Dallas (Tex.)--Social conditions--20th century.; Dallas (Tex.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Shreveport (La.)--Social conditions--20th century.; Shreveport (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; West (U.S.)--Description and travel."	"5 sound cassettes (6 hours, 23 minutes); 2 digital audio files (2 hours, 16 minutes); Abstract (9 leaves); Transcript (214 leaves); Index (16 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Thomas Fuller Ruffin Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1364, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Bob Scearce oral history interview, 1994"	"Scearce, Bob, -1912"	1994	"Campbell, Melisse Lynn, -1970"	"Scearce discusses his family and education; his attendance at LSU, especially its social life; broadcasting LSU football games; his work for WJBO radio; his newspaper column, ""Set the Hook Hard; "" his television program, ""The Great Outdoors; "" and his service with the Army Air Corps during World War II."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Scearce_Bob_T637.abs.pdf	"Bob Scearce was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, on June 16, 1912.  He was raised in Bedford, Ind., but his family later moved to Gulfport, Miss., then Baton Rouge, La.  Scearce attended Louisiana State University from 1933 to 1938 and graduated with majors in speech and journalism.  He began writing his newspaper column, ""Set the Hook Hard,"" for the Baton Rouge Morning Advocate during his junior year in college.  He worked for WJBO radio (1939-1953) and hosted a television program, ""The Great Outdoors"" (1953-1986)."	"Scearce, Bob, 1912---Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.; WJBO (Radio Station : Baton Rouge, La.); United States.--Army.--Air Corps.; Morning advocate (Baton Rouge, La.); Great outdoors (Television program); Radio broadcasting of sports--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Outdoor life--Louisiana.; Outdoor recreation--Louisiana.; American newspapers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Sections, columns, etc.; World War, 1939-1945--Personal narratives, American."	1 sound cassette (1.25 hours); Transcript (54 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Bob Scearce Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0446, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Carlos Spaht oral history interview, 1993"	"Spaht, Carlos G., 1906-2002"	1993	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Spaht discusses his family background, his attendance at LSU in the late 1920s, his military cadet training, his membership in a fraternity, his views on Huey Long, his law practice, his wartime service in China, his early work as a judge and involvement in other city and statewide politics, his term as president of the LSU Alumni Federation, his campaign for governor in 1952 with his views and relationships with other Louisiana politicians, his work with Baton Rouge's Bi-Racial Committee, his tenure on the LSU Board of Supervisors, and developments within the LSU System while he was president of the board."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Spaht_Carlos_all_tapes.abs.pdf	Carlos Spaht moved with his family from Missouri to Louisiana in 1925.  He graduated from LSU Law School and served with the U.S. Army in China during World War II. He was president of both the LSU Alumni Federation and Board of Supervisors.  He unsuccessfully ran for governor in 1952.	"Spaht, Carlos G., 1906-2002--Interviews.; Long, Huey Pierce, 1893-1935.; Long, Earl Kemp, 1895-1960.; Middleton, Troy H.--(Troy Houston), 1889-1976.; Kennon, Robert Floyd, 1902-1988; Boggs, Hale, 1914-1972.; Perez, Leander, 1891-1969.; McKeithen, John J.--(John Julian), 1918-1999; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; LSU Alumni Federation.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Board of Supervisors.; Louisiana State University System.; Louisiana State University in New Orleans.; Military education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--China.; Politicians--Louisiana.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--East Baton Rouge Parish.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	4 sound cassettes (4.75 hours); Transcript (267 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Carlos Spaht Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0292, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the LSU Libraries in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Carlos Spaht and Leona Spaht Huff oral history interview, 1995"	"Spaht, Carlos G., 1906-2002"	1995	"Huff, Leona Spaht,; O'Neil, Katherine Huff, 1909-2002,"	"Spaht and Huff discuss their family history; German immigrants in America; their family's life on their farm near Albany, Missouri; their memories of World War I; the family's move to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and their farm on Highland Road; the children's attendace at LSU; and Carlos Spaht's service in China during World War II."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Spaht_Carlos_and_Leona_Huff_T698_T699.abs.pdf	"Siblings Carlos Spaht and Leona Spaht Huff moved with their family from Missouri to Louisiana in 1925. Carlos graduated from LSU Law School and served with the U.S. Army in China during World War II. He was president of both the LSU Alumni Federation and Board of Supervisors. He unsuccessfully ran for governor in 1952.  Leona Spaht Huff studied home economics at LSU.  She taught home economics and English in Berwick, Louisiana, and later worked for the Emergency Relief Association as a caseworker."	"Spaht, Carlos G., 1906-2002--Interviews.; Huff, Leona Spaht, 1909-2002--Interviews.; Spaid family.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Immigrants--Missouri.; Germans--Missouri.; Farm life--Missouri.; Farm life--Louisiana.; World War, 1914-1918--United States.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--China.; Albany (Mo.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	2 sound cassettes (2.5 hours); Transcript (140 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Carlos Spaht and Leona Spaht Huff Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0485, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"John Staples oral history interview, 1996"	"Staples, John, -1924"	1996	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Staples discusses his family; his attendance at LSU; his uncle, Charles Henry Staples, the influential head of the LSU Dairy Department; LSU presidents, deans, faculty, and influential students; his work with the athletic department; military training on campus; Kappa Sigma fraternity; and his service in the Philippines during World War II."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Staples_John_T963_T964.abs.pdf	"John Staples was born in 1924 in New Orleans, La., and attended Isidore Newman High School. He attended Louisiana State University in 1941, but was later sent to the Philippines during World War II. He returned to LSU after the war and worked for Borden for 39 years."	"Staples, John, 1924---Interviews.; Staples, Charles Henry, b. 1885.; Middleton, Troy H.--(Troy Houston), 1889-1976.; Williams, T. Harry--(Thomas Harry), 1909-1979.; Staples family.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.; Kappa Sigma Fraternity.--Gamma Chapter (Louisiana State University); Military education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; World War, 1939-1945--Philippines."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 50 minutes); Transcript (50 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John Staples Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0665, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and   his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Jo Mechlin Steetle oral history interview, 1996"	"Steetle, Jo Mechlin, 1916-2013"	1996	"Ross, Ron, -1932"	"Steetle discusses social life, music education, and opera at LSU; Pasquale Amato, Director of the LSU Opera; Henry Wallace Stopher, Dean of the Music School; Frances Greer, LSU graduate and lyric soprano with the Metropolitan Opera; teaching music to poor children in Plaquemine, Louisiana; and teaching music to handicapped children in Oregon."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Steetle_Jo_Mechlin_T952-T954.abs.pdf	"Jo Mechlin Steetle graduated from Louisiana State University in 1938, where she studied music education and was a member of the LSU Opera."	"Steetle, Jo Mechlin, 1916-2013--Interviews.; Amato, Pasquale.; Stopher, H. W.--(Henry Wallace), 1883-1947.; Greer, Frances, 1917-2005; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--School of Music.; Opera--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Poor children--Education--Louisiana--Plaquemine.; Children with disabilities--Education--Oregon.; Music--Instruction and study--United States--Juvenile."	3 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (146 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jo Mechlin Steetle Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0659, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Ralph Steetle oral history interview, 1996"	"Steetle, Ralph Waldo, 1912-2004"	1996	"Ross, Ron, -1932"	"Steetle discusses his early life in Cleveland, Ohio; his attendance at LSU and work in the Speech Department; his work as Director of Broadcasting at LSU; his service with the Navy in World War II; the creation of WLSU; and his work in the development of public television in the United States."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Steetle_Ralph_T955.abs.pdf	"Ralph Steetle received a bachelor's degree in 1934 and a master's degree in linguistics in 1938, both from Louisiana State University.  He was the first Director of Broadcasting at LSU, founded the university's FM radio station WLSU, and was a pioneer in developing American public television."	"Steetle, Ralph Waldo, 1912-2004--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Dept. of Speech.; WLSU (Radio station : Baton Rouge, La.); Broadcasting--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Radio broadcasting--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Public broadcasting--United States.; Public television--United States.; Cleveland (Ohio)--Social conditions--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (36 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ralph Steetle Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0660, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Estelle Skolfield Williams oral history interview, 1994"	"Williams, Estelle Skolfield, 1908-1999"	1994	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"Williams discusses her family background and childhood in Baton Rouge, her education, her teaching English at LSU, various LSU faculty members, her personal and working relationship with her husband, T. Harry Williams' teaching and writing habits, and his early use of oral history."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Williams_Estelle_T723_T724_T725.pdf	"Estelle Skolfield Williams (1908-1999) was an LSU alumna, LSU English instructor, and wife of T. Harry Williams."	"Williams, Estelle Skolfield, 1908-1999--Interviews.; Williams, T. Harry--(Thomas Harry), 1909-1979.; Skolfield family.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Oral history--Louisiana.; College teachers' spouses--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	3 sound cassettes (4.5 hours); Transcript (184 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Estelle Skolfield Williams Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0505, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Lucile Ruby Woodard oral history interview, 1997"	"Woodard, Lucile Ruby, 1906 or 7-2005"	1997	"Fiser, Jack, 1918-1999,"	"Woodard discusses her upbringing on a farm in Iowa, her family's history as pioneers in Iowa, and her early interest in speech.  She describes her experiences as program director of LSU's radio station and as a professor in the Speech Department.  She also discusses her service with organizations and committees seeking to bring educational television to Louisiana and her work for Louisiana Public Broadcasting."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/Woodard_Lucile_T1185_T1186.abs.pdf	"Lucile Ruby Woodard was raised on a farm in Oskaloosa, Iowa.  She graduated from William Penn College and the University of Iowa.  Woodard was program director of Louisiana State University's thousand-watt radio station (1947-1957) and also taught in the Speech Department.  She was involved with several organizations and committees seeking to bring educational television to Louisiana from the early 1950s through the 1970s.  She later worked for Louisiana Public Broadcasting after it began broadcasting in 1975."	"Woodard, Lucile Ruby, 1906 or 7-2005--Interviews.; Gray, Giles Wilkeson, b. 1889.; Kennon, Robert Floyd, 1902-1988; Shaver, Claude L., 1905-; Wise, Claude Merton, 1887-1966.; Friends of LPB.; Louisiana Educational Television Authority.; Louisiana Educational Television Commission.; Louisiana Public Broadcasting.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Dept. of Speech.; Southern Regional Education Board.; WLSU (Radio station : Baton Rouge, La.); College radio stations--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Educational television stations--Louisiana.; Farm life--Iowa.; Oral communication--Study and teaching (Higher)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Pioneers--Iowa.; Public television--Louisiana.; Radio broadcasting--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Television in education--Louisiana."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 8 minutes); Index (3 leaves); Transcript (36 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lucile Ruby Woodard Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0826, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Alumni	"Kenneth Zachary oral history interview, 1994"	"Zachary, Kenneth, -1938"	1994	"Laver, Tara Zachary,"	"Zachary discusses his family and early education, his memories of World War II in Louisiana, and teaching middle school students.  He primarily discusses his attendance at LSU in the late 1950s, including social life, football games, notable students and faculty members, classes, fraternities, and Delta Sigma Phi fraternity activities."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_alumni/ZacharyKennethT696.abs.pdf	"Kenneth Zachary was born on May 21, 1938 in Baton Rouge, La.  He attended Chamberlain Hunt Military Academy in Port Gibson, Miss., LaGrange High School in Lake Charles, La., and Sulphur High School in Sulphur, La.  He attended McNeese State University in Lake Charles before transferring to Louisiana State University.  At LSU, Zachary joined the Delta Sigma Phi fraternity and majored in social studies with a minor in health and safety."	"Zachary, Kenneth, 1938---Interviews.; Zachary family.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.; Delta Sigma Phi Fraternity.--Beta Eta Chapter (Louisiana State University); College students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Social life and customs--20th century.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; World War, 1939-1945--Louisiana."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (59 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Kenneth Zachary Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0484, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Harold V. Andersen oral history interview, 1999"	"Andersen, Harold Veral, 1907-2000"	1999	"Schiebout, Judith A.; Picou, Edward B.,"	"Anderson discusses his early years in Yuma, Colorado and how fossil hunting with his father, Perry, in northeastern Colorado developed his interest in geology and paleontology.  He discusses how the Andersen paleoindian artifact collection was amassed, why it was important, and how it created associations with museums and curators.  He traces his piecemeal education at the University of Denver, University of Nebraska, LSU, and other institutions and recalls influential professors who shaped his studies and assisted him in finding employment.  He describes fieldwork in Colorado, Nebraska, Alabama, and Louisiana, and other jobs he held including coal miner, carpenter, and archaeological lab supervisor.  Andersen discusses how he came to study and later teach at LSU in the Geology Department and the faculty members in the department in the late 1940s and early 1950s.  He recalls his most significant find: a stunning array of microfossils preserved in mud lump clays collected from the mouth of the Mississippi River with another student, James Morgan.  He talks about exhibits he installed and improvements he spearheaded in the Geology building [now known as the Howe-Russell Geoscience Complex.]  He describes his close friendship with a Romanian professor, Theodor Neagu, and his son, Mike. Andersen touches on many other topics in this dense interview."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Andersen_Harold_T1846-1848.abs.pdf	"Harold V. Anderson was born in 1907 outside of Cumberland, Iowa.  His father, Perry, a cattle buyer, and mother, Pauline, moved the family to Yuma, Colorado, around 1910. Andersen started high school in Yuma in 1921 and graduated in 1925.  He attended the University of Denver for one year on a scholarship, but could not afford to continue his studies there. Throughout the 1920s and '30s, Andersen continued his education at various institutions (when funding allowed) and held multiple jobs, working as a carpenter, lab supervisor, and field archaeologist to name a few.  While working in a coal mine in Utah in 1927, he lost half of his thumb in an accident.  He earned a B.A. in Geology from the University of Nebraska in 1940 and soon took a job with the Alabama Geological Survey.  He enlisted in the Army Corps of Engineers during World War II in 1942 and served briefly in Europe.  His engineering unit was sent back to California to train for the invasion of Japan, but the war ended before they were deployed.  He was discharged in 1946 after achieving the rank of captain.  A visit to Louisiana State University that same year led to a graduate assistantship in their burgeoning Geology Department.  His dissertation research, completed in tandem with another student, James Morgan, focused on a foraminiferal assemblage found in mud lump clays from the Mississippi River.  In 1950, four months after receiving his Ph.D., he was recalled to military duty during the Korean War.  He spent the next two years working on a technical manual called ""Geology and Its Military Application.""  After his service, he returned to teaching at LSU and retired in 1977 as Professor Emeritus of the Geology and Geophysics Department. Andersen passed away on June 28, 2000 at age 92."	"Andersen, Harold Veral, 1907-2000--Interviews.; Neagu, Theodor.; Neagu, Mircea.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Department of Geology and Geophysics--Faculty.; Archaeological assemblages--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Archaeology--Fieldwork--Louisiana.; Archaeology--Fieldwork--United States.; Fossils--Colorado.; Fossils--Louisiana--Mississippi River Delta.; Geology--Fieldwork--Louisiana.; Geology--Fieldwork--United States.; Military geology.; Natural history museums--United States.; Paleo-Indians--United States.; Paleontology--Fieldwork--Louisiana.; Paleontology--Fieldwork--United States."	"3 sound cassettes (2 hours, 12 minutes); Transcript (56 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Harold V. Andersen Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1265, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Hilda C.M. Arndt oral history interview, 1993"	"Arndt, Hilda C. M., "	1993	"Kuzinski, Sally."	"In the interview, Arndt discusses her decision to enter social work; her education and career before coming to LSU; the impact of World War II on the development of day care for children; and the LSU School of Social Work, including Dr. Earl E. Klein and other faculty members, students, curriculum, students' field experiences, enrollment, and specialties offered.; Arndt describes her professional activities and honors received and compares schools of social work at Tulane and LSU."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Arndt_Hilda_T449.abs.pdf	Faculty member of Louisiana State University's School of Social Work.	"Klein, Earl Edwin, 1901-; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--School of Social Welfare.; Tulane University.--School of Social Work.; Child care--United States--History.; Social work education--Louisiana."	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Transcript (18 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Hilda C. M. Arndt Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0320, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Marian Baun oral history interview, 1998"	"Baun, Marian Reynard, 1915-2008"	1998	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Marian Baun discusses her family background; her marriage to her first husband, Charles Arthur Reynard; his legal education and teaching; his work for school desegregation; political activity of LSU professors; her involvement with OPEN (Organization for Public Education Now); efforts to change LSU campus regulations for female students; her teaching in the Psychology Department and involvement in other campus committees; and her volunteer work for public school support organizations."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Baun_Marian_T1454-T1456.abs.pdf	"Marian Reynard Baun was born in Springfield, Ohio, in 1915 and graduated from Ohio Wesleyan University and Ohio State University.  She married Charles A. Reynard (1913-1959) in 1936.  He was a professor of law at Louisiana State University between 1951 and 1959.  Marian Baun was a professor of psychology and associate chairman of the LSU Psychology Department between 1961 and 1981."	"Baun, Marian Reynard, 1915-2008--Interviews.; Reynard, Charles A.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Faculty.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Dept. of Psychology.; Organization for Public Education Now.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; School integration--Louisiana.; Public schools--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Women college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	3 sound cassettes (3.75 hours); Transcript (109 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Marian Baun Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0998, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Irwin Berg oral history interview, 1995"	"Berg, Irwin A. 1913-2001"	1995	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Berg discusses his Swedish immigrant parents, his education including graduate work at Northwestern University, the development of the LSU Psychology Department, his tenure as the Dean of Arts and Sciences, administrative changes at LSU, the university's relationship with the Louisiana Legislature, and his membership on the Louisiana Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Criminal Justice."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Berg_Irwin_T761-T763.abs.pdf	Irwin Berg was Head of the Psychology Department and Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at Louisiana State University.	"Berg, Irwin A.--(Irwin August), 1913-2001--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Dept. of Psychology.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Administration.; Louisiana.--Legislature.; Louisiana.--Governor's Commission on Criminal Justice.; Immigrants--United States.; Swedes--United States.; Criminal justice, Administration of--Louisiana."	3 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (95 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Irwin Berg Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0526, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Alvin Lee Bertrand oral history interview, 1995"	"Bertrand, Alvin Lee, -1918"	1995	"Besch, Everett Dickman, -1924"	"Bertrand discusses growing up with Cajun French language and culture in rural Southwest Louisiana; the loss of rural lifeways in Louisiana; his attendance at LSU including student life, deans, and faculty; the College of Agriculture and Department of Sociology; the study of rural sociology at LSU; his own research in rural health care in Louisiana; and his relationships with faculty members, especially T. Lynn Smith, Fred C. Frey, and J. Norman Efferson."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Bertrand_Alvin_all_tapes.abs.pdf	"Alvin Lee Bertrand graduated from LSU with B.S. (1940) and Ph.D. (1948) degrees and remained to teach, specializing in rural sociology."	"Bertrand, Alvin Lee, 1918---Interviews.; Smith, T. Lynn--(Thomas Lynn), 1903-1976; Frey, Fred C.--(Frederick Charles), 1891-1980.; Efferson, J. Norman--(John Norman), 1912-1990.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--College of Agriculture.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Dept. of Sociology.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Sociology, Rural--Louisiana.; Country life--Louisiana.; Rural health--Louisiana.; Cajun French dialect--Louisiana.; Cajuns--Louisiana.; DeQuincy (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	5 sound cassettes (7.5 hours); Transcript (276 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Alvin Lee Bertrand Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0524, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Cleanth Brooks oral history interview, 1992"	"Brooks, Cleanth, 1906-1994"	1992	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"In the interview, Brooks discusses his family background; grammar school in rural Tennessee; football; his education at Vanderbilt; Robert Penn Warren, his friend and adviser; Rhodes Scholarship study at Oxford; Charles Pipkin; teaching at LSU beginning in 1932; the LSU English Dept.; collaborative work with Warren in textual criticism; work on Southern Review and its demise; and Southern Review's predecessor, The Southwestern Review.; Brooks describes LSU politics; scandal and reform surrounding the career of LSU President, James Monroe Smith; the tenures of William A. Read and Thomas Kirby, chairs of the English Dept.; Katherine Anne Porter; and Eudora Welty."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Brooks_Cleanth_T199_T200.abs.pdf	"Louisiana State University English professor, and co-founder of Southern Review, a literary journal."	"Warren, Robert Penn, 1905-1989.; Welty, Eudora, 1909-2001.; Porter, Katherine Anne, 1890-1980.; Smith, James Monroe, 1888-1949.; Kirby, Thomas Austin.; Read, William Alexander, 1869-1962.; Pipkin, Charles W.--(Charles Wooten), 1899-1941.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Dept. of English.; Southern review.; American literature--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--History and criticism.; Literature publishing--Southern States--History."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (81 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Cleanth Brooks Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0142, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Horace Rouse Caffey oral history interview, 1994-1995."	"Caffey, H. Rouse 1929-2012"	1994-1995.	"Besch, Everett Dickman, -1924"	"Caffey discusses his personal and family backgound, cotton farming in Mississippi, his education, and his research with rice.  He extensively discusses rice cultivation in Louisiana, Mississippi, other American states, and Asia.  Caffey talks about faculty members of the LSU College of Agriculture, Dr. J. Norman Efferson, Dr. A.C. Harper, Prentiss Schilling, and agricultural research at LSU.  He discusses the Rice Experiment Station in Crowley, oil drilling near the station, and Edwin Edwards' work for the station and rice farmers.  Caffey also discusses university and Louisiana politics and politicians, the LSU School of Veterinary Medicine, the Louisiana Farm Bureau, LSU-Alexandria, and other state universities in Louisiana."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Caffey_Horace_all_tapes.abs.pdf	"Horace Rouse Caffey was born in Grenada, Mississippi.  He received B.S. and M.S. degrees from Mississippi State College and a Ph.D. from LSU in 1958.  Caffey was professor of agronomy at the Rice Experiment Station in Crowley from 1962 until 1970.  He became  chancellor at LSU-Alexandria in 1981 and chancellor of the LSU Agricultural Center in 1984."	"Caffey, H. Rouse--(Horace Rouse), 1929-2012--Interviews.; Efferson, J. Norman--(John Norman), 1912-1990.; Harper, Alvin C.; Schilling, Prentiss Edwin, 1941-; Edwards, Edwin W.; Caffey family.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--College of Agriculture--Faculty.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Rice Experiment Station.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--School of Veterinary Medicine.; Louisiana Farm Bureau.; Louisiana State University at Alexandria.; Louisiana State University System.; Cotton growing--Mississippi.; Rice--United States.; Rice--Asia.; Rice--Research--Louisiana.; Rice--Varieties--Louisiana.; State universities and colleges--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-"	11 sound cassettes (16.5 hours); Transcript (639 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Horace Rouse Caffey Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0423, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Jesse Coates oral history interview, 1993"	"Coates, Jesse, 1908-1994"	1993	"Traynham, James G."	"Coates describes his family background; his father's, Charles E. Coates's, work to establish LSU's Chemistry Department; his youth spent on LSU's old downtown campus; his father's involvement in the Audubon Sugar School; early professors in the Chemistry Department including Raoul L. Menville, Arthur Choppin, and Raymond Fries; his mother's social and civic activities; the establishment of football at LSU and games on the old campus.; The interview discusses Jesse Coates's own career after joining LSU's faculty in 1936.  It describes policies on hiring, research projects, jobs Coates held before coming to teach at LSU, and the curriculum at Michigan State University where he earned his Ph.D.; Coates describes equipping chemistry labs and developing research projects in the Chemistry Department, and his role hiring faculty as head of the department, including Frank Groves, James Cardner, Clayton Calahan, Ed McLouhlin, and Paul Murrill. Also described are Coates's marriage to Judith Mills Williams in 1938, his father's death, and his brothers, Victor and Charles."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Coates_Jesse_T371_T372.abs.pdf	"Louisiana State University professor of chemical engineering, 1936-1975, head of the Department of Chemical Engineering, 1955-1967, and Professor Emeritus of Chemistry."	"Coates, Charles Edward, 1866-1939.; Murrill, Paul, 1934-; Choppin, Arthur Richard, 1897-; Groves, Frank R.; Menville, Raoul Louis, 1885-; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Dept. of Chemical Engineering.; Audubon Sugar School.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Football."	2 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (83 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jesse Coates Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0291, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"James Perry Cole oral history interview, 1977"	"Cole, J. P. b. 1889."	1977	"Crews, Susie."	"Interview discusses Cole's dealings with Louisiana State University as a student, faculty member, and administrator from 1905 to the 1940s.  Includes his working relationships with Thomas D. Boyd, Troy H. Middleton, Lewis B. Sorley, Fred Charles Frey, Ione Burden, James Monroe Smith, Arden French, James F. Broussard, William Vann Parker, and Harold Stoke.; Topics include his work as Dean of Student Affairs, organization of the Louisiana State Guard, and organizing the first Boys' and Girls' State meets in 1940 and 1941 respectively."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Cole_Perry_T6.abs.pdf	"Dean of students, director of student affairs (1932-41), and professor of mathematics at Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge."	"Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Administration.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--History.; Louisiana State Guard."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (64 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"James Perry Cole Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0006, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Melvin Dakin oral history interview, 1978"	"Dakin, Melvin G., -1908"	1978	"Crews, Susie."	"Interview discusses Dakin's work at Louisiana State University from 1937 to 1941 and from 1947 to 1951.  Topics include Dakin's interaction with LSU Presidents (especially Pres. Stoke), the LSU Board of Supervisors, the LSU Law School, and certain events from 1937 to 1951."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Dakin_Melvin_T8.pdf	"Assistant to Louisiana State University President Harold Stoke, 1948-50, and faculty member of the LSU Law School, Baton Rouge."	"Stoke, Harold W.--(Harold Walter), 1903-; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--History.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Administration.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Presidents."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 30 minutes); Transcript (47 p.)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Melvin Dakin Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0008, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and   his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Caroline Durieux oral history interview, 1975"	"Durieux, Caroline, 1896-1989."	1975	"Dalrymple, Margaret Fisher, -1938"	"Interview with Caroline Durieux concerns her work with, and the importance of, the WPA Federal Art Project in Louisiana and New Orleans during the 1930s.  Topics include the purpose, role, importance and effect of the Project; the work of African-American artists; the effect of the Great Depression on art and artists; federal support for artists; and the success of the WPA.; Individuals mentioned in the interview include Mayor Robert S. Maestri; John McCrady; Myron Michet; Lyle Saxon; Hazel Breaux; Robert McKinney; George Grosz; Jose Orozco; and Diego Rivera."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Durieux_Caroline_T13.pdf	"Caroline Durieux, lithographer, painter, and educator of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, was a professor emeritus of graphic arts at Louisiana State University.  She was involved with the literary and artistic programs sponsored by the Work Projects Administration."	"Durieux, Caroline, 1896-1989.; Federal Art Project.; Art, American--Louisiana--New Orleans.; African American artists--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Artists--Louisiana--New Orleans."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (28 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Caroline Durieux Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0013, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Charles East oral history interview, 1993"	"East, Charles, "	1993	"Campbell, Melisse Lynn, -1970"	"East discusses his attendance at LSU in the 1940s, ROTC training, his studying journalism and work for the LSU News Bureau and the Reveille, and his role in establishing the Delta (a student literary magazine).  East also describes his work for the Baton Rouge Morning Advocate, his work as a freelance writer, his jobs as an editor for the LSU Press and the University of Georgia Press, and his work on the books, William Faulkner of Oxford and The Civil War Diary of Sarah Morgan."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/East_Charles_T465_T466.abs.pdf	"Charles East (1924- ) was a 1948 LSU graduate, founding editor of the Delta, director of the LSU Press, and editor of The Civil War Diary of Sarah Morgan."	"East, Charles--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--School of Journalism.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--News Bureau.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Press.; University of Georgia.--Press.; Reveille.; Delta (Montpellier, France); Morning advocate (Baton Rouge, La.); William Faulkner of Oxford.; Civil War diary of Sarah Morgan.; Military education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Journalism, School--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College student newspapers and periodicals--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (91 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Charles East Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0329, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Eleanor Dalrymple Fauver oral history interview, 1977"	"Fauver, Eleanor Dalrymple, "	1977	"Crews, Susie."	"Interview deals with Eleanor Dalrymple Fauver's recollections of her father's childhood in England and their life in Louisiana. The focus dates of the interview are 1920-1940. She describes her father's career with Louisiana State University as a professor of Veterinary Medicine from the 1900s until his death in 1925. Mentions his relationships with Professor Thomas Boyd, President of LSU, 1900-1929, and James Nicholson, Professor of Mathematics, from 1900-1920s."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Fauver_Eleanor_T18.abs.pdf	"Eleanor Dalrymple Fauver is the daughter of Dr. William Dalrymple. Dr. Dalrymple taught Veterinary Medicine at the old LSU campus from the early 1900s, until his death in 1925."	"Fauver, Eleanor Dalrymple.; Dalrymple, W. H.--(William Haddock), 1856-1925.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--History.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Faculty."	"Transcript (80 p.); 2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 35 minutes)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Eleanor Dalrymple Fauver Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0016, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and   her heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Arden French oral history interview, 1977"	"French, Arden Odell, -1906"	1977	"Crews, Susie."	"Interview deals with French's work as Dean of Men at Louisiana State University from 1941 to 1977.  Topics include past presidents of LSU; establishment of religious institutions for students; relations with Paul M. Hebert, W.D. Weatherford, and the YMCA; student organizations; the effect World War II had on the campus; French's childhood, family, and educational background; and his dealings with students in the 1960s."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/French_Arden_T20-T22.abs.pdf	"Dean of Men at Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, 1941-1977."	"Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--History.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Office of the Dean of Students.; YMCA of the USA--History."	4 sound cassettes (5 hours); Transcript (137 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Arden French Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0018, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and   his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Fred Charles Frey oral history interview, 1977"	"Frey, Fred C. 1891-1980."	1977	"Crews, Susie."	"Interview concerns Frey's early life, his experiences as a student, teacher, and administrator at LSU; LSU President Thomas D. Boyd; early faculty members; and the development of the university from 1916 (when he first came to LSU as a student) to the 1930s. Notable individuals mentioned in interview include Governor John M. Parker and Huey Long."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Frey_Fred_Charles_T23.abs.pdf	"Former Dean of Men and Professor Emeritus of Sociology at Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge."	"Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Administration.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--History."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (66 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Fred Charles Frey Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0019, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and   his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Max Goodrich oral history interview, 1995"	"Goodrich, Max, 1905-1999"	1995	"Campbell, Melisse Lynn, -1970"	"Goodrich discusses the LSU Physics Department, his research in electron scattering in gases and artificial radioactivity, his tenure as dean of the Graduate School, and his friendship with Chancellor Cecil Taylor."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Goodrich_Max_T726.abs.pdf	Max Goodrich (1905-1999) graduated from the University of Minnesota and came to LSU in 1937.  He taught physics before becoming dean of the Graduate School in 1961.  He played a key role in bringing to LSU in 1965 a large National Science Foundation Development Grant that changed the complexion of the mathematics and physical science departments.  He retired in 1973.	"Goodrich, Max, 1905-1999--Interviews.; Taylor, Cecil Grady, 1909-1999.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Dept. of Physics.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Graduate School.; Electrons--Scattering.; Induced radioactivity."	1 sound cassette (1.25 hours); Transcript (46 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Max Goodrich Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0506, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Ordell Griffith oral history interview, 1992"	"Griffith, Ordell B., 1915-2010"	1992	"Jenkins, Kathleen,"	"Griffith discusses her family and childhood in Baton Rouge; her education and student employment while attending LSU; the campus, faculty, and rules for students; her work in the LSU Registrar's Office after graduation; her work as an assistant field director for the Red Cross at Maxwell Air Force Base during World War II; and admission requirements and racial integration at LSU."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Griffith_Ordell_T194_T195_T270.abs.pdf	Ordell Griffith graduated from LSU in 1936 and was director of the LSU Admissions Office.	"Griffith, Ordell B., 1915-2010--Interviews.; Griffith family.; Tureaud, Alexander Pierre, 1899-1972.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Faculty.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Office of Admissions.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Office of Admissions.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Admission.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Admission.; American Red Cross.; Women college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College integration--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; World War, 1939-1945--United States--Participation, Female.; Maxwell Air Force Base (Ala.)--History--20th century.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	3 sound cassettes (4.5 hours); Transcript (200 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ordell Griffith Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0140, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer and   heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Ordell Griffith oral history interview, 1994-1995."	"Griffith, Ordell B., 1915-2010"	1994-1995.	"Besch, Everett Dickman,; Coco, Quinn, -1924"	"Griffith discusses life in Baton Rouge in the early twentieth century and Louisiana State University between the 1930s and 1980s.  She discusses the design and buildings of the LSU campus; several administrators, faculty members, and employees; admissions procedures; the enrollment of foreign students; racial integration; and student behavior.  Griffith discusses admissions procedures at LSU and the handling of transfer credits and credits from unaccredited or foreign universities.  She talks about conflicts with faculty, administrators and coaches over the admittance of students.  She recounts her experiences with various faculty and administrators during her many years at LSU including John Hunter, Martin Woodin, Charles Coates, Albert Clary, Arthur Choppin, General Troy Middleton, Carl Maddox and others."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Griffith_Ordell_T654-T658_T687_T759.abs.pdf	Ordell Griffith was an LSU graduate and former director of the Admissions Office. She worked at LSU for over fifty years.	"Griffith, Ordell B., 1915-2010--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Faculty.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Employees.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Employees.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Buildings.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Buildings.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Admission.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Admission.; College administrators--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College campuses--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Design.; College integration--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Conduct of life.; Students, Foreign--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	"7 sound cassettes (10 hours, 30 minutes); Transcript (494 leaves); Index (8 leaves); Abstract (3 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ordell Griffith Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0462, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"William George Haag oral history interview, 1994"	"Haag, William George, 1910-2000"	1994	"Walker, Jesse Richard Anthony."	"In the interview, Haag discusses his family history and grandfather's immigration; his studies at the University of Kentucky; his work as an archaeologist for the Tennessee Valley Authority; the Ph.D. program at the University of Michigan; service during World War II; teaching at the University of Mississippi; social life at Oxford, Miss.; his impressions of William Faulkner; and people who influenced his career.; Also discussed are Leslie White's theories in Anthropology; Haag's career at LSU beginning in the 1950s; the Poverty Point archaeological site; excavations at the Centroplex and Magnolia Mound Plantation, Baton Rouge; research in the Antilles; involvement with the Foundation for Historical Louisiana; service as State Archaeologist; publications; friends, colleagues, and administrators at LSU; becoming a Boyd Professor Emeritus; community involvement in New Roads, La.; and Civil War studies."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Haag_William_T643_T644.abs.pdf	Louisiana State University Boyd Professor Emeritus of Geography and Anthropology.	"White, Leslie A., 1900-1975.; Faulkner, William, 1897-1962--Friends and associates.; Foundation for Historical Louisiana.; Tennessee Valley Authority--History.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Dept. of Geography and Anthropology.; University of Mississippi--History.; Excavations (Archaeology)--Louisiana.; Archaeological surveying--Louisiana.; Archaeological surveying--West Indies.; Poverty Point Site (La.); Magnolia Mound Plantation (Baton Rouge, La.); West Indies--Antiquities.; Louisiana--Antiquities."	2 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (104 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"William George Haag Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0453, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Franziska Heberle oral history interview, 1992"	"Heberle, Franziska, 1900-1997"	1992	"Pugh, Nina Nichols, -1925"	"Franziska Heberle and her son, Klaus Heberle, discuss her family and childhood in Germany, her husband's academic career in Germany and the United States, the LSU faculty in the 1930s and 1940s, her work as a social worker for the State of Louisiana, her husband's scholarship and work with professional sociological organizations, his influence on Hubert H. Humphrey, and their experiences as Germans in the United States during World War II."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Heberle_Franziska_T208.abs.pdf	"Franziska Heberle, a German immigrant and the daughter of Ferdinand Tonnes, studied social welfare and worked for the Louisiana State Public Welfare Administration. She was married to Louisiana State University professor of sociology, Rudolf Heberle, and had three children."	"Heberle, Franziska, 1900-1997--Interviews.; Heberle, Klaus--Interviews.; Heberle, Rudolf, b. 1896.; Humphrey, Hubert H.--(Hubert Horatio), 1911-1978.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Immigrants--United States.; Germans--United States."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (64 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Franziska Heberle Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0146, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer and   heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Rudolf Heberle oral history interview, 1981"	"Heberle, Rudolf, 1896-1991"	1981	"Lindenfield, David."	Rudolf Heberle compares the methods of teaching sociology at Louisiana State University with teaching in Germany during the late 1930s. He also tells of the LSU faculty caucus and their efforts to reform the university ca. 1939.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Heberle_Rudolf_T30.abs.pdf	"Native of Germany; Boyd Professor of Sociology at Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge."	"Heberle, Rudolf, 1896-1991--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--History.; Sociology--Study and teaching (Higher)--Louisiana.; Sociology--Study and teaching (Higher)--Germany."	1 sound cassette (30 minutes); Transcript (4 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Rudolf Heberle Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0026, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Elsie Mae Stallworth Hebert oral history interview, 1993"	"Hebert, Elsie Mae Stallworth, 1925-2012"	1993	"Campbell, Melisse Lynn, -1970"	"Elsie Hebert talks about her choice to attend LSU and study journalism. She discusses the professional fields available for women at that time, dress codes, classes, the Reveille, the journalism school faculty, and her classmates. Hebert describes campus life and calling LSU her home. She discusses her degrees and working for LSU as a professor and adviser to the Reveille. She talks about changes in the journalism school and discusses what LSU meant to her."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Hebert_Elsie_T517.abs.pdf	"Elsie Hebert was born in 1925 to Oscar and Iva Mae Boone; she was an only child. She attended Monte Sano Elementary School and Baker High School. Hebert received a bachelor's degree in journalism from Louisiana State University in 1945 and continued her studies there, receiving a master's degree in 1948. After working as a reporter and editor for various newspapers and news programs and teaching for several years at Nicholls State University, she returned to LSU in 1966. She was hired to teach in the English Department and soon became the faculty adviser to the Reveille. She later transitioned into a teaching position with the journalism school where she taught for thirty-five years. She earned a doctorate from the University of Texas at Austin during her first few years as a journalism professor at LSU. She was married to A. Otis Hebert and had two sons. Hebert passed away in 2012."	"Hebert, Elsie Mae Stallworth, 1925-2012--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Dept. of English--Faculty.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--School of Journalism--Faculty.; Reveille.; College student newspapers and periodicals--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Journalism, College--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Journalism--Study and teaching (Higher)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Women--Education (Higher)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (58 minutes); Transcript (40 leaves); Abstract (2 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Elsie Mae Stallworth Hebert Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0361, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"John Hunter oral history interview, 1982"	"Hunter, John Anderson, -1914"	1982	"Fiser, Jack, 1918-1999."	Interview deals with John Hunter's work as president of LSU from 1962-1972.  Topics include the expansion of the LSU system; LSU's role as the state's flagship university; relationship with the Louisiana legislature; the building of the School of Veterinary Medicine; the LSU Athletic Department; the importance of public relations; alumni ties in Central America; and Hunter's work with Governor John McKeithen.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Hunter_John_T32-T34.abs.pdf	"President of Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, 1962-1972."	"McKeithen, John J.--(John Julian), 1918-1999; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--History.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Presidents."	3 sound cassettes; Transcript (38 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John Hunter Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0028, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and   heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Thomas Kirby oral history interview, 1982"	"Kirby, Thomas Austin. "	1982	"Fiser, Jack, 1918-1999."	"Interview concerns Thomas Kirby's education in the 1930s, his work at the LSU English Department from 1935 to 1973, and his colleagues in the department.  Topics include Kirby's predecessor, rivalry between certain professors, Huey Long's effect on LSU, and the demise of the Southern Review.; Individuals mentioned in interview include: Nathaniel M. Caffee, Albert G. Reed, William A. ""Cork"" Read, Cleanth Brooks, Robert Penn Warren, Arlin Turner, Bosley Woolf, John Oliver, John Uhler, Earl Bradsher, Phoebe Beale, Lizzy Carter McVoy, Harris Downey, Marguerite Hays, Mary Roundtree, Annie T. Bell, and Robert Lowell."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/KirbyThomas_T401.abs.pdf	"Best known for his work TROILUS: A STUDY IN COURTLY LOVE, Thomas Kirby served as Chair of the Department of English at Louisiana State University from 1940 to 1973."	"Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--History.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Faculty.; Southern review.; English language--Study and teaching (Higher)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (27 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Thomas Kirby Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0031, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or his heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Fred Bowerman Kniffen oral history interview, 1977"	"Kniffen, Fred Bowerman, 1900-1993"	1977	"Crews, Susie."	"Interview discusses Kniffen's education, family life and travels in Michigan, Kansas, California, Washington, Oregon, and Alaska; his work in cultural geography with Native American nations including the Cocopaw, Natchez, Caddo, Avoyelles, and Tensas tribes; his graduate education at the University of California at Berkeley; his move to LSU and his contributions to the development of LSU's geology program; and other aspects of his personal and professional life."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Kniffen_Fred_T37-T39.abs.pdf	"Professor of geology, Louisiana State University."	"Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Dept. of Geology and Geophysics.; Geology--Study and teaching (Higher)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Indians of North America--Study and teaching.; Human geography--Study and teaching."	3 sound cassettes (4.5 hours); Transcript (138 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Fred Bowerman Kniffen Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0032, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Fred Bowerman Kniffen oral history interview, 1990-1991."	"Kniffen, Fred Bowerman, 1900-1993"	1990-1991.	"Kuzenski, Sally."	"Kniffen discusses his experiences at LSU, including the formation of the Department of Geography and Anthropology, various presidents of the university, social life of faculty in the 1930s, and Huey Long and LSU.  He also describes his career, especially his work with fellow LSU professor Richard Russell.  He also describes the LSU campus in the late 1920s."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Kniffen_Fred_T77_T78.abs.pdf	"Fred Bowerman Kniffen, professor of geography and anthropology, retired from Louisiana State in 1970, after a career that spanned forty-one years.  Considered a pioneer in the field of cultural geography, he rose to the rank of Boyd professor in 1967.   A prolific writer, Kniffen wrote several articles and books on the cultures of the world and America.  Among his publications are CULTURAL DIFFUSION AND LANDSCAPES (1990), LOUISIANA; ITS LAND AND PEOPLE, THE INDIANS OF LOUISIANA,  LOUISIANA HOUSE TYPES, and CULTURE WORLDS (1951); the latter he co-authored with Richard J. Russell.  Much of his academic work dealt with the role of folklife and material culture in shaping American culture. In 1978 the Association of American Geographers honored him for his role in the development of cultural geography.  Professor Kniffen died May 19, 1993."	"Russell, Richard Joel, 1895-; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Dept. of Geology and Geophysics.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Dept. of Geography and Anthropology.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Faculty.; Geology--Study and teaching (Higher)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	2 sound cassettes (1 hour); Transcript (58 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Fred Bowerman Kniffen Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0069, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Hoguet Alexandre Major oral history interview, 1978"	"Major, Hoguet Alexandre, born 1887"	1978	"Crews, Susie."	"Interview discusses Major's life as an LSU student at old campus, while Thomas Boyd was Dean. Mentions his arrest due to Reveille editorial; campus life during World War I; and student activities on new campus. Also mentions Major's life as LSU French teacher."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Major_H.A._T50.abs.pdf	"Born in False River, Louisiana in 1887, Major graduated from LSU in 1908. He began teaching at LSU in 1918, at the old campus, and retired in 1957 as a Professor of French and Head of the Department of Foreign Languages."	"Major, Hoguet Alexandre, born 1887--Interviews.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Faculty.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--History.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Alumni and alumnae."	Transcript (47 p.); 1 sound cassettes (1 hour)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Hoguet Alexandre Major Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0040, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Kathy Marcel oral history interview, 1993"	"Marcel, Kathy, -1945"	1993	"Campbell, Melisse Lynn, -1970"	"Marcel discusses her attendance at LSU, the social lives of students, sorority life, Kappa Delta sorority, and her work as Director of Greek Affairs."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Marcel_Kathy_T463_T464.abs.pdf	Kathy Marcel was an LSU alumna and Director of Greek Affairs at LSU.	"Marcel, Kathy, 1945---Interviews.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Kappa Delta Sorority.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Women college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Social life and customs.; Dormitory life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Initiations (into trades, societies, etc.)"	2 sound cassettes (2.5 hours); Transcript (99 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Kathy Marcel Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0328, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"George Matthes oral history interview, 1980"	"Matthes, George, "	1980	"Fiser, Jack, 1918-1999."	"Matthes discusses his work with LSU's original architecture and landscaping, the move from the old downtown campus to LSU's present site, and construction of some campus buildings by the Works Progress Administration.  He also reflects upon his time as a faculty member and as interim comptroller."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Matthes_George_T653.abs.pdf	"Educated in engineering, George ""Red"" Matthes joined LSU's staff as the superintendent of buildings in 1929.  In 1931, he became an engineering faculty member in addition to serving in campus purchasing and as the interim comptroller.  In 1947 he became head of the Mechanical Engineering Department, where he remained until 1961.  He continued as an engineering professor until his retirement in 1969."	"Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Employees.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Dept. of Mechanical Engineering.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Buildings.; Campus planning--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (.5 hour); Transcript (15 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"George Matthes Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0461, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Theodore McMullan oral history interview, 1992"	"McMullan, T. N. 1908-2000"	1992	"Bishop, James M.,"	"McMullan discusses his family, education, his directorship of the LSU Libraries, the acquisition of important items and collections for the libraries, the building of Middleton Library, his friendships with several LSU faculty members and administrators, developments in the libraries during his tenure, Troy Middleton's service during World War II, McMullan's own work as an intelligence officer during World War II, and Huey Long and the LSU Band."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/McMullan_Theodore_T198.abs.pdf	Theodore McMullan (b. 1908) received an M.S. in engineering from LSU in 1932.  He was dean of the LSU Libraries between 1961 and 1973.	"McMullan, T. N.--(Theodore Newton), 1908-2000--Interviews.; McMullan family.; McIlhenny family.; Middleton, Troy H.--(Troy Houston), 1889-1976.; Williams, T. Harry--(Thomas Harry), 1909-1979.; Taylor, Cecil Grady, 1909-1999.; Spaht, Carlos G., 1906-2002.; Borth, Daniel.; Long, Huey Pierce, 1893-1935.; Louisiana State University Library.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Library.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Faculty.; United States.--Army--Intelligence specialists.; Academic libraries--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College administrators--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Marching bands--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (43 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Theodore McMullan Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0141, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the LSU Libraries in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Maurice Morrissette oral history interview, 1993"	"Morrissette, Maurice C., 1921-2011"	1993	"Besch, Everett Dickman, -1924"	"Morrissette discusses his family, his service in the Coast Guard during World War II, his role in establishing the School of Veterinary Medicine, and his duties as chairman of the school's building committee."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Morrissette_Maurice_T433.abs.pdf	"Maurice Morrissette was professor and head of the Department of Veterinary Physiology, Pharmacology, and Toxicology at the LSU School of Veterinary Medicine from 1969 to 1982 and assistant to the dean of the School of Veterinary Medicine for facility planning and control from 1982 to 1987."	"Morrissette, Maurice C., 1921-2011--Interviews.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--School of Veterinary Medicine.; United States.--Coast Guard.; World War, 1939-1945--Naval operations, American."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (80 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Maurice Morrissette Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0308, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Huel D. Perkins oral history interview, 1993"	"Perkins, Huel D. 1924-2013"	1993	"Crump, Maxine, -1946"	"The interview includes Perkins's background information, his parents and grandparents' experiences and education, and his education and professional life in Baton Rouge. Included is a discussion on the role of education in his life and that of others, his love of music, role models, and family structure throughout his life.  Perkins also discusses the immediate changes brought about by integration for black colleges, the black community, and the effects of integration today on those same institutions."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Perkins_Huel_T332_T333.abs.pdf	"Dr. Perkins was born on 27 December 1924 to John E. Perkins, Sr., and Velma Valeria Davis Perkins.  After serving in World War II, Perkins completed his bachelor's degree at Southern University.  He also acquired his master's and PhD at Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill.  Returning to Baton Rouge in 1951, Perkins joined the faculty of Southern University, where he taught music for twenty-seven years.  In 1978, he accepted a position as assistant vice-chancellor of academic affairs at LSU.  Perkins continued his connection to LSU as executive assistant to Chancellor Bud Davis until 1989, when he also became a professor emeritus of humanities at LSU."	"Southern University and A & M College--Faculty.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Administration.; National Endowment for the Humanities--Officials and employees.; Northwestern University (Evanston, Ill.)--Students.; Education, Higher--Louisiana.; Educators--Louisiana.; Segregation in education--Louisiana.; College integration--Louisiana.; African American artists as teachers--Louisiana.; Race discrimination--Illinois--Evanston.; African American teachers and the community--Louisiana.; Education, Higher--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Education, Higher--Illinois--Evanston."	2 sound cassettes (2.5 hours); Transcript (97p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Huel D. Perkins Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0230, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"James Reddoch oral history interview, 1992-1993."	"Reddoch, James Wilson, 1924-2011"	1992-1993.	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Reddoch discusses his family; his work on the family's farm in Jones County, Mississippi; his early schooling; his service as an Air Force mechanic and supervising prisoners of war in Germany after World War II; his attendance and teaching at Mississippi State University; and his teaching at LSU while simultaneously pursuing a Ph.D.  He also discusses the following developments at LSU: his duties as assistant to President Troy Middleton, Middleton's administration, the establishment of LSU-New Orleans, Middleton's handling of the anti-segregation case of Dr. Waldo McNeir, his work as dean (later vice chancellor) for student affairs, racial integration, policies regarding students, the development of sorority houses on campus, the 1972 riot at Southern University, student protests, and the Vietnam War's effect on enrollment and protests."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Reddoch_James_4700.0174.abs.pdf	"James Reddoch was born in Jones County, Mississippi, in 1924. He graduated from Mississippi State University and Louisiana State University.  He was assistant to President Troy Middleton before becoming dean (later vice chancellor) for student affairs at LSU."	"Reddoch, James Wilson, 1924-2011--Interviews.; Reddoch family.; Middleton, Troy H.--(Troy Houston), 1889-1976.; McNeir, Waldo F.; Mississippi State College.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Division of Student Affairs.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Admission.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Admission.; Louisiana State University in New Orleans.; Southern University and A & M College.; Family farms--Mississippi--Jones County.; World War, 1939-1945--Prisoners and prisons, American.; College integration--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Political activity.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975--Protest movements--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Freedom of speech--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	7 sound cassettes (8.5 hours); Transcript (265 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"James Reddoch Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0174, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the LSU Libraries in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Oscar G. Richard oral history interview, 1993"	"Richard, Oscar, 1921-2013"	1993	"Besch, Everett Dickman,; Coco, Quinn, -1924"	"Richard discusses his attendance at LSU; his service and imprisonment during World War II; the work of the Office of Public Relations; the office's role in several campus events, developments, and incidents; and the effect of the creation of the LSU System on the office and the wider campus.  Richard also evaluates several LSU chancellors, especially Troy Middleton."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Richard_Oscar_4700.0359.abs.pdf	Oscar G. Richard attended LSU in the late 1930s.  He served in the Army Air Corps during World War II and was held as a prisoner of war in Germany after being shot down.  He returned to Baton Rouge after the war where he became head of the LSU Office of Public Relations.	"Richard, Oscar, 1921-2013--Interviews.; Middleton, Troy H.--(Troy Houston), 1889-1976.; United States.--Army.--Air Corps.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Office of Public Relations.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Public relations.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Presidents.; Louisiana State University System.; World War, 1939-1945--Prisoners and prisons, German."	4 sound cassettes (5.5 hours); Transcript (326 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Oscar G. Richard Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0359, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Miles Edward Richardson oral history interview, 2000-2006."	"Richardson, Miles, 1932-2011."	2000-2006.	"Abraham, Jennifer,"	"Session I, which is transcribed, describes Richardson's early life in Palestine, Tex., between the 1930s and 1950s, including his father's work for the railroad, his mother's domestic duties, life on their farm, animals they kept, their garden, the use of well water and pumps, planting by the moon, folk remedies, the local lumber industry and ""sawmill kids,"" local pageants and events, his mother's death, his crisis of faith, and his first thoughts of becoming an anthropologist.  He also discusses his service in the U.S. Air Force during the Korean War (1950-1954) and his ideas on evolution and anthropology.; Session II, which is indexed, describes his completing a bachelor's degree at Stephen F. Austin State College and starting the master's program at LSU (1957), including duties he had as part of his assistantship, classes and professors, his love of cultural geography, and anthropological theory of cultural evolution.  He gives his recollections of LSU circa 1957-58, especially segregation and mandatory ROTC and civil rights activities.  Richardson describes the doctoral program at Tulane (1958-1965), including work with Dr. Forrest La Violette on political activism of African-American ministers, fellow grad students including his wife Valerie, the popularity of folk music, and the difficulty in finding funding for research.  He also discusses medical and dissertation research in Cali and San Pedro, Colombia in the early 1960s with accounts of life in the local communities and the difficulty of fieldwork.; Session III, which is indexed, gives Richardson's recollections of Cali, Colombia (1962 or 1963), his experiences while teaching at Indiana State College in Pennsylvania, his acknowledgment of the profound influence of Dr. La Violette, prominent theories in anthropology from the 1960s thru 1980s, the role of the Vietnam War and Civil Rights Movement on theories, and a discussion of his anthropological writing, fiction and poetry.; Session IV, which is indexed, discusses Richardson's first years teaching at LSU in the late 1960s, including reactions to the first African-American football players at LSU, campus protests on civil rights, the Vietnam War, the involvement of English Department faculty in the protests, the creation of Free Speech Alley, the reaction to the death of Martin Luther King Jr., Student Government President Ted Schirmer, and the cancellation of the homecoming queen crowning.  He also discusses different reactions to New Archeology by Richardson and William Haag."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Richardson_Miles_alltapes.abs.pdf	"Miles Edward Richardson was born in Palestine, Tex., to Mark Carl and Florence Adams Richardson in 1932.  He dropped out of high school in December 1949, a few months before he was due to graduate, and immediately joined the U.S. Air Force.  Richardson stayed in the Air Force for four years, serving in the Korean War while he was stationed in Okinawa, Japan, for two years.  After leaving the service, he slowly began taking college classes and eventually wound up at Stephen F. Austin State College, where he completed his B.S. in biology and history in 1957.  That same year, he started the master's program in anthropology at Louisiana State University.  After only one year there, Richardson transferred to the Ph.D. program at Tulane University.  While a student at Tulane, he married a fellow student, Valerie Woodger.  Richardson was able to go to Colombia on a medical grant and he did his dissertation fieldwork in San Pedro, Colombia, in 1962-63.  For the next two years, while completing his Ph.D. at Tulane in the summers, he taught at Indiana State College (now Indiana University of Pennsylvania).  Richardson earned his Ph.D. from Tulane in the spring of 1965 and started teaching at LSU that fall.  He remained at LSU as a professor of anthropology for the next forty years.  He was Departmental Chair (1970-72) and Acting Chair (1986-87).  He held the Fred B. Kniffen Professorship and the Doris Z. Stone Professorship and served in numerous professional organizations including the Society for Humanistic Anthropology and the Southern Anthropological Society.  Throughout his career, he conducted fieldwork in the southern U.S. and Latin America and authored several books and numerous scholarly articles, as well as several poems and short stories.  Richardson died at the age of 79 on November 14, 2011."	"Richardson, Miles, 1932-2011--Interviews.; Richardson, Valerie Thorn Woodger, 1937-; La Violette, Forrest Emmanuel, 1904-; Haag, William George, 1910-2000.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Stephen F. Austin State College--Students.; Tulane University--Students.; United States.--Air Force--History--Korean War, 1950-1953.; Anthropology--Research--Colombia.; Anthropology--Research--Louisiana--New Orleans.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Farm life--Texas--Palestine.; Civil rights movements--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College students--Political activity--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975--Protest movements--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Palestine (Tex.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Cali (Colombia)--Description and travel."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 30 minutes); 3digital audio files (3 hours, 12 minutes); Abstract (6 leaves); Transcript (50 p.); Indexes(24 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Miles Edward Richardson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1503, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Roger and Carrie Richardson oral history interview, 1983"	"Richardson, Roger. "	1983	"Richardson, Carrie.; Fiser, Jack, 1918-1999."	"Interview deals with Roger and Carrie Richardson's experiences as students at the old and new campuses of Louisiana State University in the 1920s. Mentions student activities, such as Purple Pel magazine; going to football games with Huey Long; and Mike I, the tiger. Also mentions the involvement of Carrie's father, Hamilton Johnston, in the construction of John M. Parker auditorium and Roger Richardson's career as an engineering professor at LSU in 1930s."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Richardson_Roger_and_Carrie_T58_T59.abs.pdf	"Roger and his wife, Carrie Johnston, married in 1929. Both attended LSU during the move to the new campus in the mid-1920s. Carrie's father, Hamilton Johnston, was a professor in the College of Engineering in the 1920s. Roger was also professor in the LSU College of Engineering in the 1930s."	"Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--History."	"Transcript (22, 25 p.); 2 sound cassettes (1 hour)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Roger and Carrie Richardson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0052, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewees and their heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Peter A. Soderbergh oral history interview, 1992"	"Soderbergh, Peter A., "	1992	"Holden, Andrew Mark, -1964"	"In the interview, Soderbergh describes his career as a university administrator and professor of education.  He discusses his primary education, his undergraduate studies at Amherst, his doctoral studies at the University of Texas, his position at the University of Virginia as Associate Dean of Academic Affairs, his philosophy of education and his work to enhance the core curriculum at LSU.; The interview details his interest in writing, his publications, and his interest in filmmaking.; Also described is his career in the Marine Corps with the Instructor Training Section (1950-1958).  Soderbergh earned the Purple Heart during the Korean War and left military service as a captain. The interview discusses the Vietnam Conflict."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Soderbergh_Peter_T265-T269.abs.pdf	"Professor of Education and Dean of College of Education at Louisiana State University, 1976-1981."	"Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--College of Education--Faculty.; United States.--Marine Corps--History--Korean War, 1950-1953.; United States.--Marine Corps--Officers--Biography.; United States.--Marine Corps--History--Vietnam War, 1961-1975.; Education--Study and teaching (Higher)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975"	5 sound cassettes (4.75 hours); Transcript (192 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Peter A. Soderbergh Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0184, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Ray Sommer oral history interview, 1982"	"Sommer, Ray, "	1982	"Fiser, Jack, 1918-1999."	"Interview deals with Ray Sommer's experience working at LSU. Mentions move to new campus in 1926 and student life. Also mentions Mrs. A.M. Herget, Dean of Women, and the advances of women's status on LSU campus in the 1920s."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Sommer_Ray_T66.abs.pdf	"Sommer is a Baton Rouge native. She was an employee of Office of Records and Registration, Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, Louisiana in the 1920s."	"Sommer, Ray.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--History.; Women college students--Louisiana."	Transcript (23 p.); 1 sound cassette  (45 minutes)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ray Sommer Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0058, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Donald Stanford oral history interview, 1992"	"Stanford, Donald E. 1913-1998"	1992	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"Stanford discusses his family, his collegiate education, his literary friendships, his role in the revival of The Southern Review, and the formation of the LSU Formalists."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Stanford_Donald_T172.abs.pdf	"Donald E. Stanford (1913-1998) received his B.A. from Stanford University (1933), M.A. from Harvard University (1934), and Ph.D. from Stanford University (1953).  He came to LSU in 1949 where he taught literature and helped revive and co-edit The Southern Review."	"Stanford, Donald E.--(Donald Elwin), 1913-1998--Interviews.; Winters, Yvor, 1900-1968.; Lewis, Janet, 1899-1998.; Bishop, Elizabeth, 1911-1979.; Simpson, Lewis P.; Brooks, Cleanth, 1906-1994.; Warren, Robert Penn, 1905-1989.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Dept. of English.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Dept. of English.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Press.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Press.; Southern review.; American poetry--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (50 minutes); Transcript (29 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Donald Stanford Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0124, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the LSU Libraries in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Cecil G. Taylor oral history interview, 1991-1993."	"Taylor, Cecil Grady, 1909-1999, "	1991-1993.	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"In a series of 8 interviews, Taylor describes his career as a French professor and administrator at Louisiana State University.  He describes his family background, his education at University of North Carolina, his French language studies and Cajun French, Baton Rouge from the 1930s on, Huey Long and Louisiana politics, and desegregation of education in Louisiana.; The interview describes LSU and comments on football and athletics, LSU during the Depression, student life, the French House, the development of various academic departments, The Southern Review, and numerous professors and administrators."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Taylor_Cecil_4700.0071.abs.pdf	"Louisiana State University French professor (1936-1949), assistant to the President (1941-1943), Dean of Arts and Sciences (1949-1965), and Chancellor (1965-1974)."	"Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.); Southern review.; Education, Higher--Louisiana.; French language--Dialects--Louisiana.; French language--Study and teaching.; Segregation in education--Louisiana."	12 sound cassettes (14 hours); Transcript (590 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Cecil G. Taylor Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0071, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Charles Teddlie oral history interview, 1992"	"Teddlie, Charles "	1992	"Hebert, Mary J."	"Teddlie discusses his early political activity, his family background, childhood, and high school life and teachers.  He reviews his decision to attend college, his interest in psychology, and his campus experiences, particularly with ROTC.  Teddlie also discusses his decision to attend graduate school and his activities as vice-president of the Progressive Student's Alliance (PSA) from 1971-72.  Finally, he recounts his memories of David Duke, other students, and a few members of the LSU administration."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Teddlie_Charles_T243.abs.pdf	"Teddlie was born in Winnfield, La., in 1949. He began college at LSU in 1967, majoring in psychology, then went on to receive his Ph.D. in social psychology at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.  He became a professor of educational research methodology at LSU."	"Duke, David Ernest.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Employees.; Education, Higher--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Political activists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Counterculture--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour 45 minutes); Transcript (85 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Charles Teddlie Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0177, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the LSU Libraries in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Charles Titkemeyer oral history interview, 1993"	"Titkemeyer, Charles W., "	1993	"Besch, Everett Dickman, -1924"	"Titkemeyer discusses his education, his service in the US Army Air Corps as a crew member of a B-24 bomber during World War II, his teaching at Michigan State University, and his work on Agency for International Development contracts in Indonesia and Nigeria.  He also discusses his work with LSU's School of Veterinary Medicine, its administrators, the design of its new building, and its strict initial admission policies."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Titkemeyer_Charles_T432.abs.pdf	Charles Titkemeyer earned a degree in veterinary medicine from Ohio State University in 1949.  He taught at Michigan State University and worked on Agency for International Development contracts in Indonesia and Nigeria.  He came to LSU in 1969.	"Titkemeyer, Charles W.--Interviews.; United States.--Army Air Forces--Flight officers.; Michigan State University--Faculty.; United States.--Agency for International Development.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--School of Veterinary Medicine.; World War, 1939-1945--Aerial operations, American.; Ploie*sti, Battles of, Ploie*sti, Romania, 1943-1944.; B-24 (Bomber); Nigeria--History--Civil War, 1967-1970--Personal narratives, American."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (83 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Charles Titkemeyer Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0307, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Virginia Hamilton Vercher oral history interview, 1992-1993."	"Vercher, Virginia Hamilton, 1922-1997"	1992-1993.	"Besch, Everett Dickman, -1924"	"Vercher recalls her experiences working in various administrative secretarial positions and the Personnel Services office at LSU in the 1960s though 1980s. Prompted by Besch, who also often shares his opinions, Vercher offers personal impressions and memories of various administrators, deans, and professors at LSU. She describes the development of the Personnel Services office and her role as the founding employee. She recalls the roles and duties of key campus administrators including Cecil Taylor, Bernard Sliger, Paul Murrill, Lynn Pesson and James Reddoch among others. Vercher goes into detail on university policies and procedures on tenure, academic and non-academic appointments, classified and unclassified positions, job titles, salary levels, personnel forms, biographical data on employees, and many other topics."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Vercher_Virginia_T260_T352_T353.pdf	"Virginia Hamilton Vercher was born in York County near Fort Mill, South Carolina, on January 8, 1922. She attended high school and two years of college, then worked for six years at Duke Power Company. She moved to Louisiana with her husband, a Shreveport native who worked for Ethyl Corporation in Baton Rouge. She worked for the Louisiana State Department of Revenue for four years, and after becoming pregnant, spent the next six years as a stay-at-home mom. She started working for Louisiana State University in 1962 as a secretary to Dr. James Upp, Director of Agriculture Experiment Stations, and she continued to work for Upp's successor, Doyle Chambers. She became the secretary to Chancellor Cecil Taylor in 1966, and shortly thereafter, was asked by Bernard Sliger to set up a Personnel Services office at LSU's Baton Rouge campus. Vercher retired as Associate Director of Personnel Services in 1983. She passed away in 1997."	"Vercher, Virginia Hamilton, 1922-1997--Interviews.; Upp, James W.; Sliger, Bernard F.; Taylor, Cecil Grady, 1909-1999.; Pesson, Lynn Louis, 1927-; Efferson, J. Norman--(John Norman), 1912-1990.; Reddoch, James Wilson, 1924-; Louisiana Agricultural Experiment Station.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Office of Human Resource Management.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Office of Academic Affairs.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Employees.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Employees.; College administrators--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (92 leaves); Index (31 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Virginia Hamilton Vercher Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0182, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the LSU Libraries in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Robert C. West oral history interview, 1992"	"West, Robert C. 1913-2001"	1992	"Anderson, Katharine,"	"Session I, which is indexed, concerns West's education under Carl Sauer at the University of California, Berkeley; his decision to study geography at the University of California, Los Angeles; his work with Clifford Zierer at UCLA; and his interest in the geography of Mexico.; Session II, which is indexed, covers West's work with Carl Sauer, his thesis on Spanish settlement in Mexico near silver mines, his time making maps and surveying European map collections for the Office of Strategic Services during World War II, his study of the Tarascan Indians of Mexico for the Smithsonian Institution, his interest in chinampas farming and related work with Pedro Armillas, and various approaches and theories in the study of geography.; Session III, which is transcribed, describes Carl Sauer and Alfred Kroeber at Berkeley, West's arrival at Louisiana State University, and topics in the study of geography.; Session IV, which is transcribed, concerns West's research on salt marshes in South America, French and Spanish surnames in Louisiana, agriculture in Mexico and South America, and theories on overpopulation in pre-Columbian Mexico.; Session V, which is transcribed, describes West's research on vegetation in the Mexican state of Tabasco, cacao plantations around Comalcalco, colleagues he worked with in Mexico and their research interests, interviewing locals in Mexico on agricultural practices, and his own methods for doing field work.; Session VI, which is indexed, concerns West's methods for doing field work, especially his use of photography, and changes in crops, chinampas farming, and agricultural methods in Mexico.; Session VII, which is indexed, discusses West's work on the geography of the Mexican state of Sonora, faculty members in LSU's Department of Geography and Anthropology, some of West's former students and their research, and a summation of West's research methods."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/West_Robert_alltapes.abs.pdf	"Robert C. West (1913-2001) received bachelor's and master's degrees from the University of California, Los Angeles, finishing in 1938.  He entered the Ph.D. program at the University of California, Berkeley, where he studied under the prominent geographer, Carl Sauer.  West served as a cartographer in the Office of Strategic Services, a forerunner to the Central Intelligence Agency, for four years during World War II.  After the war, he quickly completed his dissertation on colonial mining in Northern Mexico, receiving his Ph.D. in 1946.  West worked as a cultural geographer with the Smithsonian Institution in Mexico City for two years before joining the faculty of the Department of Geography and Anthropology at Louisiana State University in 1948, specifically teaching courses on Central and South America.  He was named a Boyd Professor in 1970 and retired in 1980."	"West, Robert C.--(Robert Cooper), 1913-2001--Interviews.; Sauer, Carl Ortwin, 1889-1975.; Kroeber, A. L.--(Alfred Louis), 1876-1960.; Armillas, Pedro, 1914-1984.; Zierer, Clifford M.; United States.--Office of Strategic Services.; University of California, Berkeley.--Dept. of Geography.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Dept. of Geography and Anthropology.; Geography--Latin America--Field work.; Geography--Research--Latin America.; Geography--Study and teaching--United States.; Agriculture--Research--Latin America.; Agricultural geography--Research--Latin America.; Cacao--Research--Mexico--Comalcalco.; Chinampas--Research--Mexico.; Names, Personal--Research--Louisiana.; Photography in geography.; Plants--Research--Mexico--Tabasco.; Salt marshes--Research--South America.; Tarasco Indians--Research--Mexico."	"7 sound cassettes (7 hours, 16 minutes); Transcripts (114 p.); Indexes(30 p.); Abstract (8 p.)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Robert C. West Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0903, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Paul C. Young oral history interview, 1980"	"Young, Paul Campbell, 1892-1991."	1980	"Fiser, Jack, 1918-1999."	Young discusses his educational background and reminisces about the LSU psychology department in the 1920s and 1930s.  He discuses Huey Long and Long's impact on LSU.  Young also tells anecdotes about other LSU faculty members and notes the reasons faculty members stayed at LSU during the Depression.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Young_Paul_T74.abs.pdf	"Professor emeritus Paul C. Young was born in 1892 in White, Texas, which is located northeast of Dallas.  He attended North Texas Normal College, Nashville Bible School, University of Louisville, and Bowdoin College in Maine.  He graduated Cum Laude in 1918 and began his career as a school teacher at Florida State College for Women (Florida State University).  He served as an LSU psychology professor from 1925 to 1960.  He died in 1991."	"Long, Huey Pierce, 1893-1935.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Employees.; Education, Higher--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Depressions--1929--United States.; Psychology--Study and teaching (Higher)--United States."	1 sound cassette (30 minutes); Transcript (28 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Paul C. Young Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0066, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Faculty & Adminstrators	"Paul C. Young et al. oral history interview, 1980"	"Young, Paul Campbell, 1892-1991."	1980	"Fiser, Jack, 1918-1999"	"This interview was conducted with Paul Young and some former LSU Music School faculty and students.  They discuss Music School faculty and performances in the 1920s and 1930s, the Baton Rouge Opera Association, the LSU band, and Huey Long's influence on both the band and Music School."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/distinguished_faculty/Young_Paul_et_al_T75.abs.pdf	"Professor emeritus Paul C. Young was born in 1892 in White, Texas. He attended North Texas Normal College, Nashville Bible School, the University of Louisville, and Bowdoin College in Maine. He graduated cum laude in 1918 and began his career as a school teacher at Florida State College for Women (Florida State University). He served as an LSU psychology professor from 1925 to 1960. He died in 1991."	"Long, Huey Pierce, 1893-1935.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--School of Music--Faculty.; Baton Rouge Opera Association.; Music--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Opera--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Marching bands--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (58 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Paul C. Young et al. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0067, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Integration at LSU	"Alexander Pierre Tureaud Jr. oral history interview, 1993"	"Tureaud, Alexander Pierre, 1935 or 6-"	1993	"Emanuel-Wallace, Rachel,"	"Tureaud discusses the six weeks he spent as an undergraduate at Louisiana State University in 1953 including his father's legal proceedings to have him admitted, the treatment he faced from students and professors, his disappointment in missing out on a typical college experience, and his loneliness and isolation while at LSU.  He recounts many specific instances of racism, harassment, and discrimination, but also discusses some positive moments."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/integration/Tureaud_A.P._Jr._T375.abs.pdf	"Alexander Pierre Tureaud Jr. is one of six children born to Alexander Pierre Tureaud Sr. and Lucille Dejoie Tureaud.  He attended Joseph S. Clark High School in New Orleans and attempted to enroll at Louisiana State University in 1953, but his application was denied because he was African American.  His father, a prominent civil rights attorney, filed suit against the university to have him admitted.  Tureaud became the first African American to enroll at Louisiana State University as an undergraduate.  He attended LSU for six weeks until the ruling was overturned and he was forced to leave the university.  He finished college at Xavier University and became an educator in New York."	"Tureaud, Alexander Pierre, 1935 or 6---Interviews.; Tureaud, Alexander Pierre, 1899-1972.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; African American college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Social life and customs.; College integration--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Segregation--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Social conditions--To 1964.; Civil rights movements--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 7 minutes); Abstract (2 leaves); Transcript (32 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Alexander Pierre Tureaud Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0245, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Integration at LSU	"Freya Rivers oral history interview, 1993"	"Rivers, Freya Anderson, -1947"	1993	"Crump, Maxine, -1946"	"Rivers discusses her father's service in World War II, business, and civil rights efforts in Baton Rouge; her role in the integration of Robert E. Lee High School; her role in the LSU desegregation suit; and her attendance at LSU, including her racist reception by other students.  Rivers also discusses her participation in the civil rights movement, her work with inner-city children, African-American politics and voting, the challenges facing African Americans, and the future of race relations in America."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/integration/Rivers_Freya_T474-T476.abs.pdf	Freya Rivers was an LSU alumna and a party to the LSU desegregation suit.	"Rivers, Freya Anderson, 1947---Interviews.; Robert E. Lee High School (Baton Rouge, La.); Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Politics and government.; School integration--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College integration--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Civil rights movements--United States.; Poor children--Louisiana.; Inner cities--Louisiana.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Race relations.; United States--Race relations."	3 sound cassettes (4.5 hours); Transcript (159 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Freya Rivers Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0335, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Integration at LSU	"Leo C. Hamilton oral history interview, 1993"	"Hamilton, Leo C., -1951"	1993	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Hamilton discusses his family, his segregated early education, his attendance at an integrated Robert E. Lee High School, race relations in Baton Rouge, the civil rights movement, activism among black students at LSU, the relationship between black students at LSU and Southern University, and his legal practice."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/integration/Hamilton_Leo_T453_T471_T472.abs.pdf	Leo Hamilton was an LSU alumnus and a Baton Rouge attorney.	"Hamilton, Leo C., 1951---Interviews.; Robert E. Lee High School (Baton Rouge, La.); Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Southern University and A & M College--Students.; African American children--Education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Segregation in education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Discrimination in education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Political activity.; Civil rights movements--United States.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Race relations."	3 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (138 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Leo C. Hamilton Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0322, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Integration at LSU	"Maxine Crump oral history interview, 1992"	"Crump, Maxine, -1946"	1992	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"Crump discusses her family, her elementary school teachers and education, African-American Catholics, her family's response to segregation and the civil rights movement, her living in a dorm at LSU, her relationships with other students, racism and race relations on campus, the LSU Catholic community, and activism at LSU."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/integration/Crump_Maxine_T202-T205.abs.pdf	"A native of Maringouin, Louisiana, Maxine Crump was the first African-American woman to live in a dorm at LSU."	"Crump, Maxine, 1946---Interviews.; Crump family.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; African American Catholics--Louisiana.; Civil rights movements--Louisiana.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; African Americans--Segregation--Louisiana.; Segregation in higher education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Social life and customs.; African American college students--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Dormitories--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Political activity.; Louisiana--Race relations--History--20th century."	4 sound cassettes (3.75 hours); Transcript (156 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Maxine Crump Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0117, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Integration at LSU	"Oliver Mack oral history interview, 1993"	"Mack, Oliver, -1946"	1993	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Mack discusses his family background, his attendance at McKinley High School, the integration of Baton Rouge high schools, treatment of black students at predominantly white high schools, his participation in the class-action suit to admit African-American undergraduates at LSU, his studies and experiences at LSU, and his work at Exxon after graduation."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/integration/Mack_Oliver_T445.abs.pdf	Oliver Mack was a member of the NAACP class-action suit that led to the admission of African-American undergraduates at Louisiana State University.	"Mack, Oliver, 1946---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Exxon Corporation--Employees.; School integration--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College integration--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Class actions (Civil procedure)--Louisiana."	1 sound cassette (1.25 hours); Transcript (59 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Oliver Mack Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0316, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Integration at LSU	"Oliver Mack oral history interview, 1996"	"Mack, Oliver, -1946"	1996	"Smith, Forest Dent,"	"Mack discusses his attendance at Louisiana State University, experiences of African-American students at LSU, his participation in ROTC, and his work at Exxon after graduation."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/integration/Mack_Oliver_T948_T949.abs.pdf	Oliver Mack was a member of the NAACP class-action suit that led to the admission of African-American undergraduates at Louisiana State University.	"Mack, Oliver, 1946---Interviews.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; United States.--Army.--Reserve Officers' Training Corps.; Exxon Corporation--Employees.; African American college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Military education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	2 sound cassettes (1.5 hours); Transcript (43 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Oliver Mack Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0657, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Military Tradition at LSU	"Aubrey Williams oral history interview, 1997"	"Williams, Aubrey L. "	1997	"Pleasants, Julian M."	"Williams discusses his experiences attending Louisiana State University including his time spent studying journalism and working for the Morning Advocate; studying in the English Department; student and fraternity life; military training; the Southern Review and The Reveille; various faculty members; and anecdotes about Cleanth Brooks, Robert Penn Warren, Katherine Anne Porter, and John J. Tigert.  He describes his service in the Army during World War II, including witnessing the Nuremberg Trials.  Williams discusses his attendance at Yale University including studying under Maynard Mack, teaching courses, and spending a year on fellowship in England.  He also discusses his teaching at the University of Florida including the Johns Committee, the pressures of affirmative action, the poor quality of its English students, the saga of Council Bly, and English Department politics."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/ole_war_skule/Williams_Aubrey_T1279_T1280.abs.pdf	"Aubrey Williams was born in Jacksonville, Fla., in 1922.  He attended Louisiana State University before serving in the Army during World War II.  He received a B.A. degree from LSU (1947) and M.A. & Ph.D. degrees from Yale University (1948, 1952).  Williams taught English primarily at Yale (1950-58) and the University of Florida (1958-60, 1961-86)."	"Williams, Aubrey L.--Interviews.; Brooks, Cleanth, 1906-1994.; Warren, Robert Penn, 1905-1989.; Porter, Katherine Anne, 1890-1980.; Tigert, John James, 1882-1965.; Bly, Council.; Mack, Maynard, 1909-2001; Johns, Charley.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Dept. of English.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Yale University.--Dept. of English.; University of Florida.--Dept. of English.; Florida.--Legislature.--Legislative Investigation Committee.; Southern review.; Reveille.; Military education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Nuremberg War Crime Trials, Nuremberg, Germany, 1946-1949.; Affirmative action programs in education--Florida.; Education, Higher--Florida."	2 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (96 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Aubrey Williams Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0899, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the T. Harry Williams Center for Oral History and the Samuel Proctor Oral History Program in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Military Tradition at LSU	"David A. Schorr oral history interview, 2001"	"Schorr, David A., -1944"	2001	"Ramirez, Dominica Dominguez, -1979"	"Schorr discusses his years as an undergraduate at Louisiana State University, his participation in campus activities and fraternity life, and his experiences with the ROTC.  He describes his nearly four years of service with the U.S. Air Force as a radar controller and computer programmer for the SAGE Air Defense System.  His work on SAGE led to employment with IBM and later with the FAA and Lockheed Corporation as a computer programmer."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/ole_war_skule/Schorr_David_T3077.abs.pdf	"David A. Schorr was born in New Orleans on August 4, 1944.  He attended Louisiana State University from 1961 to 1965, where he participated in ROTC and the Arnold Air Society.  He was commissioned in the U.S. Air Force in 1965 and stationed at Truax Field in Madison, Wis., and Luke Air Force Base in Arizona.  Schorr began working for IBM in 1969 as an associated programmer at Kansas City Air Traffic Control Center, assisting in the development of the FAA's Air Control Automation Project.  He left IBM in 1981 to work for Lockheed Corporation at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Tex.  Schorr was a computer programmer for the FAA in Minneapolis, Minn., between 1982 and 1986.  He was employed at the Houston Air Traffic Control System at the time of the interview."	"Schorr, David A., 1944---Interviews.; Benit, Henry J.; Hope, Bob, 1903-2003--Travel--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students--Social life and customs.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Reserve Officers Training Corps.; Arnold Air Society (Louisiana State University); United States.--Air Force--Officers.; United States.--Federal Aviation Administration--Officials and employees.; International Business Machines Corporation.--Federal Systems Division--Employees.; International Business Machines Corporation.--General Systems Division--Employees.; Lockheed Corporation--Employees.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Radar defense networks--United States.; Radar air traffic control systems--United States.; Louisiana State University Campus (Baton Rouge, La. : 1926- )"	1 sound cassette (51 minutes); Transcript (36 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"David A. Schorr Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1512, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Military Tradition at LSU	"Erbon W. Wise oral history interview, 1995"	"Wise, Erbon W., -1920"	1995	"Laver, Tara Zachary,"	"Wise discusses his family background and education, his enlistment in the Army Air Corps, his duties as a Finance Disbursing Officer, England at the start of American involvement in World War II, landing at Utah Beach, the liberation of Paris, serving as the Adjutant General of the State of Louisiana in command of the National Guard for Louisiana, and his work as State Director of Selective Service during the Vietnam War."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/ole_war_skule/Wise_Erbon_T924.abs.pdf	"Erbon W. Wise was born in Claiborne Parish, La., in 1920 and graduated from Louisiana State Normal College in Natchitoches, La., in 1941.  He served with the U.S. Army Air Corps during World War II, was adjutant general of Louisiana between 1964 and 1968, and ultimately rose to the rank of major general.  He published several small newspapers in Southwest Louisiana and wrote books on that area's history and genealogy."	"Wise, Erbon W., 1920---Interviews.; United States.--Army.--Air Corps.; Louisiana.--National Guard.; World War, 1939-1945--Great Britain.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--France--Normandy.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975--Louisiana.; Draft--Louisiana.; Hurricane Betsy, 1965.; Paris (France)--History--1940-1944."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (37 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Erbon W. Wise Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0636, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Military Tradition at LSU	"General Steve A. Chappuis oral history interview, 1995"	"Chappuis, Steve A., 1913-2008"	1995	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Chappuis discusses attending LSU before the war, including military training and his memories of General Troy Middleton, the airborne invasions of Normandy and the Netherlands, the Battle of the Bulge, and his military assignments after the war."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/ole_war_skule/Chappuis_Steve_T927.abs.pdf	General Steve A. Chappuis was an LSU alumnus who served with the airborne during World War II.	"Chappuis, Steve A., 1913-2008--Interviews.; Middleton, Troy H.--(Troy Houston), 1889-1976.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.; United States.--Army--Airborne troops.; Military education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--France--Normandy.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--Netherlands.; Ardennes, Battle of the, 1944-1945."	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Transcript (45 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"General Steve A. Chappuis Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0638, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Military Tradition at LSU	"Joseph Dale oral history interview, 1995"	"Dale, Joseph, 1920-2002"	1995	"Fiser, Jack, 1918-1999,"	"Dale discusses his military service in World War II, the Korean War, and in peacetime; his tenure as Commandant of Cadets at LSU; the effort to establish the LSU War Memorial Commission; and other highlights of his military career."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/ole_war_skule/Dale_Joseph_T1057_T1058.abs.pdf	"Joseph Dale graduated from LSU in 1942.  He served as an artillery battery commander during World War II, as aide to two generals after the war, as an artillery officer during the Korean War, as a Regular Army advisor to a National Guard artillery unit, and as a military advisor to Iran.  He later was Commandant of Cadets at LSU, as well as Director of Campus Safety and Director of the Employee Benefits Office."	"Dale, Joseph, 1920-2002--Interviews.; Gavin, James M.--(James Maurice), 1907-1990; Chamberlin, Stephen.; Ridgway, Matthew B.--(Matthew Bunker), 1895-1993; United States.--Army--Artillery.; United States.--Army.--Reserve Officers' Training Corps.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.); World War, 1939-1945--Artillery operations, American.; Korean War, 1950-1953--Artillery operations, American.; War memorials--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Iran--History--Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, 1941-1979"	2 sound cassettes (1.5 hours); Transcript (39 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Joseph Dale Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0731, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Military Tradition at LSU	"Louie C. Reinberg oral history interview, 1995"	"Reinberg, Louie C., 1914-2006"	1995	"Fisher, Jack."	In the interview Reinberg recounts his experiences as a cadet at LSU during the early 1930s; his military career; WWII service; career at LSU; and gives a brief discussion on the Marines and Korea.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/ole_war_skule/Reinberg_Louie_T920.abs.pdf	"Director of the LSU Foundation, Brigadier General U. S. Marine Corps, LSU graduate."	"Reinberg, Louie C., 1914-2006--Interviews.; United States.--Marine Corps--History--Korean War, 1950-1953.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Reserve Officers Training Corps.; Military education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Military cadets--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (30 min.); Transcript (18 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Louie C. Reinberg Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0634, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and   heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Military Tradition at LSU	"Raymond Rockhold oral history interview, 1997"	"Rockhold, Raymond, -1912"	1997	"Foster, Adele,"	"Rockhold discusses his work with the Civilian Conservation Corps, his attendance at LSU, opening and running nightclubs in Baton Rouge, building a restaurant and houses, his and his brothers' service during World War II, his experiences in the Solomon Islands, his return to the United States after the war, his leasing of a house to a local madam, and his children's accomplishments."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/ole_war_skule/Rockhold_Raymond_T1189_T1190.abs.pdf	"Raymond Rockhold was born in Jonesboro, La., in 1912.  He worked with the Civilian Conservation Corps, attended Louisiana State University, built houses, and ran nightclubs before World War II.  He served in the Marine Corps in the Solomon Islands during the war."	"Rockhold, Raymond, 1912---Interviews.; Civilian Conservation Corps (U.S.); Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Nightclubs--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Gambling--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; World War, 1939-1945--Aerial operations, American.; World War, 1939-1945--Campaigns--Solomon Islands.; Guadalcanal, Battle of, Solomon Islands, 1942-1943.; Prostitution--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (80 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Raymond Rockhold Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0828, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Military Tradition at LSU	"Robert Badon oral history interview, 1995"	"Badon, Robert, 1896-1998"	1995	"Dean, Pamela, -1953"	"Badon discusses early life and education in St. Martinville, his experiences as a cadet at LSU, as a county agent, and as a teacher, coach, and principal.  He tells of anthrax vaccinations, introduction of fertilizer in sugar cane farming, and the spread of information in rural areas.  He also relates his four months of military duty during WWI and a visit by Theodore Roosevelt to Iberia Parish. Time period covered includes 1900-1995."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/ole_war_skule/Badon_Robert_T811.abs.pdf	"Robert Badon was born in Breaux Bridge, Louisiana and educated in St. Martinville.  He worked as a New Orleans public service employee, a county agent, and a school teacher.  He was a veteran of World War I and graduated from Louisiana State University with a degree in agriculture in 1918."	"Badon, Robert, 1896-1998.; Roosevelt, Theodore, 1858-1919--Travel--Louisiana--Iberia Parish.; Agricultural extension work--Louisiana.; Saint Martin Parish (La.)--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1.25 hours); Transcript ( 41 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Robert Badon Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0555, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Military Tradition at LSU	"Thomas Blakeney oral history interview, 1992"	"Blakeney, T. O. 1918-2001"	1992	"Carville, Ruth Thompson."	"In the interview Blakeney describes his personal and educational background, his early interest in the military, and his involvement in ROTC while a student at Louisiana State University.  He recounts his military assignments in the United States, Europe during WWII, and Vietnam in the 1960s.  He relates his views on ROTC at LSU; the effects of Vietnam War protests on the program, and he offers recollections of Dean Arden French and Dean James Reddoch of LSU. Focus dates: 1930s-1969."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/ole_war_skule/Blakeney_Thomas_T254-T256.abs.pdf	Colonel in the United States Army and commandant of LSU ROTC cadet corps.	"Blakeney, T. O.--(Thomas O.), 1918-2001--Interviews.; French, Arden Odell, 1906-; Reddoch, James Wilson, 1924-; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Reserve Officers Training Corps.; World War, 1939-1945--Europe--Personal narratives, American.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975--Protest movements--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	3 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (70 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Thomas Blakeney Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0181, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Military Tradition at LSU	"Wilbur Joffrion oral history interview, 1995"	"Joffrion, Wilbur, -1924"	1995	"Hebert, Mary J."	"Joffrion discusses his family and early life in Alexandria, La., including the Depression and its effects there; his early interest in the military; and decision to attend LSU and West Point.  In addition to campus and social life at LSU, including hazing, he describes the patriotic feeling of the campus during the early years of World War II.  He recounts his experience and opinion of West Point as a student, his teaching career there, and his later military service in Germany and Korea."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/ole_war_skule/Joffrion_Wilbur_T928.abs.pdf	"Wilbur Joffrion was born on November 8, 1924, in Alexandria, La.  His parents, A. Bush Joffrion and Clara Hope Flower, were also native Louisianians.  He attended Louisiana State University, like many in his family, for three semesters (1942-1943) and studied chemical engineering.  During that time, he served as a ROTC company commander.  Joffrion was also a member of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity.  In 1943, Joffrion entered West Point and was graduated in 1946.  He married Beebe Grace in 1951 and together they had four children.  Joffrion obtained a master's degree in education with a minor in political science from Tulane University in 1953.  He then taught at West Point.  During his eleven years of active duty,  Joffrion was stationed in Germany and Korea.  In 1958, he entered the insurance business and transferred to the U.S. Army Reserve.  As a reservist, he was assigned to Baton Rouge, Little Rock, and New Orleans, and he retired 1981 as a brigadier general."	"United States.--Army--Military life.; United States.--Army.--Reserve Officers' Training Corps.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; United States Military Academy--Students.; United States Military Academy--Faculty.; Korean War, 1950-1953--Personal narratives, American.; Alexandria (La.)--History--20th century.; Germany--History--1945-1955."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (54 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Wilbur Joffrion Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0639, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Religion at LSU	"David Lange oral history interview, 1992"	"Lange, David, -1938"	1992	"Woggon, Karla,"	"Lange discusses his family, his ministerial education, the Lutheran ministry at LSU, its relationship with the Missouri Synod, its student membership and finances, other LSU campus ministries, the relationship between campus chaplains and the administration and faculty, and student political activities."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/religion/Lange_David_T190.abs.pdf	David Lange was Lutheran chaplain at LSU between 1969 and 1987.	"Lange, David, 1938---Interviews.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Faculty.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Lutheran Church--Missouri Synod.--Southern District--Clergy.; Lutheran Church--Missouri Synod.; College students--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Political activity."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (37 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"David Lange Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0137, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Religion at LSU	"James Lee Babin oral history interview, 1992"	"Babin, James Lee. "	1992	"Woggon, Karla."	"Interview deals with James Lee Babin's family history and involvement with Christ the King Chapel on the LSU campus; mentions his interaction with Fr. Michael Cody, Bishop Robert E. Tracy, Fr. Joe Peplansky, Bishop Joseph V. Sullivan, Jason Xenakis, Fr. Richard Greene, Charles Curran, and Fr. Dan Drinan.  Also mentioned are the Claretians (a religious order) and Babin's work with students at LSU."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/religion/Babin_James_Lee_T191_T192.abs.pdf	"Associate Professor of English, Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, Louisiana."	"Babin, James Lee.; Christ the King Parish (Baton Rouge, La.); Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Religion.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Clergy."	2 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (93 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"James Lee Babin Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0138, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Religion at LSU	"Patrick Mascarella oral history interview, 1992"	"Mascarella, Patrick, -1942"	1992	"Woggon, Karla."	"Interview concerns Fr. Mascarella's ministry at Christ the King Chapel. Interview includes his relations with the Claretians (a religious order), Fr. Michael Cody, Fr. Richard Greene, and Bishop Joseph V. Sullivan. Topics include the dismissal of the Claretians at Christ the King, student involvement at Christ the King, role of the Catholic student center, and the establishment of a religious studies department at LSU."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/religion/Mascarella_Patrick_T193.abs.pdf	"Priest at Christ the King Chapel, on the Louisiana State University Campus, Baton Rouge, Louisiana."	"Christ the King Parish (Baton Rouge, La.); Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Religion.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Clergy."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (55 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Patrick Mascarella Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0139, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Religion at LSU	"Donald Tabb oral history interview, 1992"	"Tabb, Donald. "	1992	"Woggon, Karla."	Interview discusses the founding and activities of the Chapel on the Campus; Tabb's ministry at the Chapel; and Tabb's association with Billy Graham and Graham's influence on Tabb and the Chapel on the Campus.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/religion/Tabb_Donald_T173_T174.abs.pdf	"Pastor of the Chapel on the Campus at Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, La."	"Graham, Billy, 1918-; Chapel on the Campus.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Religion."	2 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (75 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Donald Tabb Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0125, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Religion at LSU	"Charles Wood oral history interview, 1992"	"Wood, Charles, -1932"	1992	"Woggon, Karla."	"Wood discusses his family and educational background.  He recounts his decision to become a minister and the student activism at LSU in the 1970s, including his reasons for supporting student protesters.  Wood also reminisces about his work as a counselor at the medical health center, incidents he has dealt with throughout his career, and his duties as pastor of St. Albans, including his day-to-day routine."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/religion/Wood_Charles_T114_T161_T162.abs.pdf	"Wood was born on 21 August 1932 in Syracuse, NY.  He earned a bachelor of arts in 1954 from Cornell University then spent two years in the army.  In 1966 he received a masters of divinity from Virginia Theological Seminary and, in 1973, completed a masters in sacred theology and Old Testament at Nashota House Seminary in Nashota, Wi.  He began work as the chaplain of the St. Alban's Episcopal Church, which is located on the LSU campus, in 1970."	"Episcopal Church--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Saint Alban's Episcopal Church (Baton Rouge, La.); Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Employees.; Episcopalians--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Student protesters--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Church history.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	"3 sound cassettes (4 hours, 15 minutes); Transcript (141 p.)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Charles Wood Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0091, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Rural Life Museum	"Dudley Fricke oral history interview, 1997"	"Fricke, Dudley, "	1997	"Davis, Douglas Raymond,"	"Fricke discusses his relationship with Steele Burden, Burden's personality, their cooperation in developing the ""President's Peninsula,"" Burden's work on City Park and elsewhere in Baton Rouge, and Burden's work on behalf of the LSU Rural Life Museum."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/rural_life_museum/Fricke_Dudley_T1167.abs.pdf	"Dudley Fricke became executive assistant to Dr. Wooden, the president of the Louisiana State University System, in 1975.  He was a friend of Steele Burden, the campus' landscape architect, and collaborated with him in developing a peninsula of land on the property of the LSU System president's house."	"Fricke, Dudley--Interviews.; Burden, Steele, 1900-1995.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Employees.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Rural Life Museum.; City Park (Baton Rouge, La.); Universities and colleges--Landscape architecture--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Landscape architecture--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (40 minutes); Transcript (15 leaves); Index (2 leaves); Selections(4 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Dudley Fricke Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0813, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Rural Life Museum	"Steele Burden oral history interview, 1993"	"Burden, Steele, 1900-1995"	1993	"Turner, Suzanne, -1950"	"Burden discusses his family and childhood interests; his work on the landscaping of the LSU campus; the founding of the LSU Rural Life Museum; and his landscaping work for Magnolia Mound Plantation, Baton Rouge City Park, the LSU golf course, and private homes."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/rural_life_museum/Burden_Steele_T447.abs.pdf	"Steele Burden worked for the city of Baton Rouge and LSU initially as a gardner and later as a landscape architect. He played a pivotal role in the founding and development of the Rural Life Museum at Louisiana State University by donating the museum's site, Windrush Plantation, his family's home."	"Burden, Steele, 1900-1995--Interviews.; LSU Rural Life Museum (Baton Rouge, La.); Universities and colleges--Landscape architecture--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Parks--Landscape architecture--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Golf courses--Landscape architecture--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Plantations--Landscape architecture--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Magnolia Mound Plantation (Baton Rouge, La.)"	1 sound cassette (1 hour 20 minutes); Transcript (92 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Steele Burden Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0318, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewer and interviewee and/or their hiers in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Rural Life Museum	"Steele Burden oral history interview, 1994"	"Burden, Steele, 1900-1995"	1994	"Grigsby, Kathy."	"Includes discussion of Burden's family background, original interest in gardening and extensive work at City Park in Baton Rouge.  He comments on his gardening style, landscaping LSU, his contributions to LSU and Baton Rouge, and the origins of the Rural Life Museum."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/rural_life_museum/Burden_Steele_T642.abs.pdf	"Steele Burden worked for the city of Baton Rouge and LSU initially as a gardener and later as a landscape architect.  He played a pivotal role in the founding and development of the LSU Rural Life History Museum at Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, La., by donating the museum's site, Windrush Plantation, his family's home."	"Steele family.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.); Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Employees.; LSU Rural Life Museum (Baton Rouge, La.); Landscape architecture--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Agricultural museums--Louisiana.; Philanthropists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--History--20th century.; Windrush (Baton Rouge, La.); City Park (Baton Rouge, La.)"	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 30 minutes); Transcript (70 p.)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Steele Burden Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0452, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Sororities at LSU	"Elizabeth Breazeale oral history interview, 1993"	"Breazeale, Elizabeth, -1919"	1993	"Campbell, Melisse."	Interview describes Breazeale's experiences as a student at Louisiana State University and member of the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority.  She describes LSU social life; women's clothing; layout and use of the Panhellenic Building; dormitory rules; ceremonies and traditions; the push for the construction of sorority houses; her thoughts on LSU today; and problems with the Legislature and university funding.  Focus dates: 1940-1960s.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sororities/Breazeale_Elizabeth_T426.abs.pdf	LSU alumna and Kappa Kappa Gamma House board president.	Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Kappa Kappa Gamma.--Delta Iota Chapter (Louisiana State University); Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.	1 sound cassettes (50 min.); Transcript (35 p.); Index (13 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Elizabeth Breazeale Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0304, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Sororities at LSU	"Winnie Evans Byrd oral history interview, 1993"	"Byrd, Winnie Evans, "	1993	"Campbell, Melisse."	"In the interview Byrd discusses her first impressions of LSU; her decision to become a teacher; experiences as a student; Panhellenic Building and location of sorority rooms; ceremonies; involvement in student politics; impact of WWII on the student body; ROTC parades; graduation in the Greek Theater; involvement with Tri-Delta alumnae; and T. Harry Williams, Professor of History at LSU.; Byrd also discusses the University's decision to allow the construction of sorority houses; she describes each step in the construction process of the Tri-Delta sorority house; including solicitation of donations; selection of A. Hays Town as architect; approval of house plans; costs; problems encountered; impact of sorority houses on the sororities; and changes in Sorority Row.  She also gives her views on the role of sororities in the 1990s; impressions of LSU; and student teaching at the Lab School."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sororities/Byrd_Wiinie_Evans_T423_T424.abs.pdf	LSU alumnae; member and officer of Delta Delta Delta sorority.	"Williams, T. Harry--(Thomas Harry), 1909-1979.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Delta Delta Delta.--Delta Omega Chapter (Louisiana State University); Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (77 p.); Index (19 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Winnie Evans Byrd Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0302, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Sororities at LSU	"Julia Waits Farris oral history interview, 1993"	"Farris, Julia Waits, -1935"	1993	"Campbell, Melisse."	Interview focuses on Farris's experiences as a member of Phi Mu and her career working with Greek societies.  She also mentions her family and childhood.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sororities/Farris_Julia_T422.abs.pdf	"Farris was born in Greenville, Miss. on 1 January 1935 and grew up one of six children in nearby Leland.  Her father was an attorney and her mother a housewife.  She followed her father to college at Ole Miss, where she majored in home economics and graduated in 1956.  She joined the Phi Mu Sorority and after her graduation served one year as a field secretary for the society.  She went to work in the Dean of Women's Office at Ole Miss, where she remained for 10 years before coming to LSU to serve as the assistant dean of women, working specifically with Panhellenic, sororities, and sorority housing, and other student organizations.  She worked for LSU for 20 years before retiring in August 1987."	"University of Mississippi--Employees.; University of Mississippi--Societies, etc.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Employees.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Societies, etc.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Office of Greek Affairs.; Phi Mu Fraternity.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Greek letter societies--Mississippi--Oxford.; Women--Societies and clubs--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Women--Societies and clubs--Mississippi--Oxford.; Women college students--United States--Social life and customs--20th century.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Oxford (Miss.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 sound cassette (40 minutes); Transcript (28 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Julia Waits Farris Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0301, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Sororities at LSU	"Marion Ferguson oral history interview, 1993"	"Ferguson, Marion, -1922"	1993	"Campbell, Melisse."	"Ferguson discusses her introduction to Greek societies at Centenary College, her efforts to assist with the formation of a Zeta Tau Alpha colony at LSU, and the subsequent building of a ZTA sorority house on LSU's campus."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sororities/Ferguson_Marion_T354_T362.abs.pdf	"Ferguson was born on 18 May 1922 in Shreveport, La.  Her father was a stockbroker and her mother a homemaker.  She married John Ferguson.  She attended Centenary College for two years, majoring in history and minoring in English, before completing her B.S. at LSU.  Ferguson was instrumental in bringing the Zeta Tau Alpha Society to LSU, and she played an integral part in the building of their sorority house.  Ferguson also served as Panhellenic director for LSU in the late 1940s and as president of the Zeta Tau Alpha House Corporation Board in the 1960s."	"Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Employees.; Centenary College of Louisiana--Students.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Office of Greek Affairs.; Zeta Tau Alpha.--Delta Kappa Chapter (Louisiana State University); Women college students--United States--Social life and customs--20th century.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana.; Women--Societies and clubs--Louisiana."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (74 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Marion Ferguson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0236, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Sororities at LSU	"M. Margaret Jameson oral history interview, 1993"	"Jameson, M. Margaret, 1920-2006"	1993	"Campbell, Melisse Lynn, -1970"	"The interview details Jameson's family background, the Greek letter societies at LSU, and Jameson's career as an administrator at LSU.; The interview focuses on sororities at LSU, describing construction of sorority houses, hurricane and fire damage to sorority houses, design and planning of sorority houses, and governance and administration of sororities."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sororities/Jameson_M_Margaret_T328.abs.pdf	"Dean of Women at Louisiana State University, 1966-1979, Dean of Students, 1976-1989."	"Jameson, M. Margaret, 1920-2006--Interviews.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Administration.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Societies, etc.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Women--Education (Higher)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (58 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"M. Margaret Jameson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0226, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Sororities at LSU	"Jane Porter Middleton oral history interview, 1993"	"Middleton, Jane Porter, -1920"	1993	"Campbell, Melisse Lynn, -1970"	"In the interview, Middleton describes her family background, her early education and decision to attend LSU, her sorority rush experience, social life on campus, her favorite teachers and classes, and Helen Gordon, Dean of Women.; Middleton recalls her role in building Chi Omega's house at LSU, and the role of women in the establishment of other sorority houses.  She describes delays to the Chi Omega house's opening, furnishing the house, and her opinion of Greek organizations."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sororities/Middleton_Jane_T421.abs.pdf	Louisiana State University graduate of the class of 1941.	"Gordon, Helen.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Chi Omega Fraternity.--Phi Gamma Chapter (Louisiana State University); Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (51 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jane Porter Middleton Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0300, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and   her heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Sororities at LSU	"Carolyn Simpson oral history interview, 1993"	"Simpson, Carolyn, -1931"	1993	"Campbell, Melisse."	"Simpson discusses her family background and her reasons for attending the University of Texas and pledging Kappa Alpha Theta.  She mentions her move to Baton Rouge and her decision to organize an LSU chapter of Kappa Alpha Theta.  She extensively talks about planning for and building the sorority house and, when completed, its effects on rush.  She also gives her opinions on the state of sorority life today."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sororities/Simpson_Carolyn_T425.abs.pdf	"Carolyn Neal Simpson was born on 15 January 1931 in Ardmore, Okla.  Simpson attended Bartlesville College High School in Oklahoma and completed her freshman year of college at Monticello in Alton, Ill.  She transferred to the University of Texas, pledged Kappa Alpha Theta, and graduated in August 1953.  She moved to Baton Rouge in February 1953, and taught as a substitute teacher.  In 1958, Simpson was elected president of the Baton Rouge alumni organization of Kappa Alpha Theta.  She helped establish a Kappa Alpha Theta colony at LSU and assisted in the building of their house.  She also held several other local, regional, and national posts in the sorority."	"Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students--Societies, etc.; Kappa Alpha Theta.--Delta Kappa Chapter (Louisiana State University); Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Women--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Societies and clubs.; Women college students--United States--Social life and customs--20th century.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 15 minutes); Transcript (63 p.)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Carolyn Simpson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0303, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Sororities at LSU	"Carolyn Steinmuller oral history interview, 1993"	"Steinmuller, Carolyn, -1927"	1993	"Campbell, Melisse."	"Steinmuller discusses her family background and her decision to attend LSU.  She also details the procedures and her experiences with assisting to build the Delta Gamma sorority house.  Further, Steinmuller reminisces about annual rush parties, the New Orleans women who joined the sorority, the quality of education at LSU, and the bringing of The Art of the Eye exhibit to Baton Rouge."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sororities/Steinmuller_Carolyn_T448.abs.pdf	"Steinmuller was born on 15 August 1927 in Opelousas, La.  In 1947, Steinmuller pledged Delta Gamma sorority, and she graduated in 1949.  After several years of teaching, she returned to LSU to earn her masters degree.  She married Al Steinmuller in the 1950s and became very active in Delta Gamma, serving as alumni president and house corporation president during the construction of the sorority's house on the LSU campus."	"Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students--Societies, etc.; Delta Gamma.--Gamma Zeta Chapter (Louisiana State University); Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Women--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Societies and clubs.; Women college students--United States--Social life and customs--20th century.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (40 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Carolyn Steinmuller Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0319, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Sororities at LSU	"Adele Williamson oral history interview, 1993"	"Williamson, Adele Adah Redditt, -1926"	1993	"Campbell, Melisse Lynn, -1970"	"Williamson discusses her time with Phi Mu at Tulane University, her involvement with Phi Mu at LSU as an alumna, the construction and operation of sorority houses at LSU, sorority rush events, and observations on sororities in general."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sororities/Williamson_Adele_T324.abs.pdf	Adele Williamson graduated from Tulane University in 1945 where she was an active member in Phi Mu sorority. She married and moved to Baton Rouge in 1947 where she became an active alumna with the Phi Mu chapter at LSU. She was national president of Phi Mu between 1962 and 1966.	"Williamson, Adele Adah Redditt, 1926---Interviews.; Phi Mu Fraternity.; Tulane University--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Initiations (into trades, societies, etc.); Women college students--Louisiana--New Orleans.; Women college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (56 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Adele Williamson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0224, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the LSU Libraries in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: SGA Past Presidents	"Horace Wilkinson IV oral history interview, 2000"	"Wilkinson, Horace, 1941-2012?"	2000	"Abraham, Jennifer,"	"Horace Wilkinson IV discusses Wilkinson family history; life on his family's sugar plantations; the lives of African-American plantation workers; downtown Baton Rouge in the late 1950s; working summers at Camp Namequoit on Cape Cod; LSU student life in the early 1960s, especially fraternity and sorority life; his impressions of and relationships with university figures including T. Harry Williams, Troy Middleton, and Kerry Pourciau; his father's political career; and Louisiana politics in the 1950s and 1960s, including the political fortunes of some of his ancestors."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sga/Wilkinson_Horace_T1853_T1854.abs.pdf	"Horace Wilkinson IV comes from a long line of Louisiana plantation owners.  He attended Port Allen Elementary School, graduated from University High School in Baton Rouge, and attended the University of the South for a year before transferring to Louisiana State University.  His father, Horace Wilkinson III, died suddenly in 1961 and his mother, Elizabeth Ann Scales Wilkinson, later remarried.  Wilkinson was student body president of LSU from April to November 1962, and president of Alpha Tau Omega fraternity.  After graduating from LSU, he worked at Louisiana National Bank for nine years.  He was married but later separated from his wife.  He has a son, Horace Wilkinson V, and a daughter, Virginia Carter Wilkinson."	"Wilkinson, Horace, 1941-2012?--Interviews.; Wilkinson, Horace, d. 1961.; Williams, T. Harry--(Thomas Harry), 1909-1979.; Middleton, Troy H.--(Troy Houston), 1889-1976.; Pourciau, Kerry Louis, 1951-1994.; Wilkinson family.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; College students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Social life and customs.; College student government--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Sugar plantations--Social aspects--Louisiana.; Central business districts--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Rich people--Massachusetts--Cape Cod--Social life and customs.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Cape Cod (Mass.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 52 minutes); Abstract (3 leaves); Transcript (75 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Horace Wilkinson IV Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1266, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: SGA Past Presidents	"Kerry Louis Pourciau oral history interview, 1993-1994."	"Pourciau, Kerry Louis, 1951-1994"	1993-1994.	"Crump, Maxine,"	"Pourciau discusses his family; his tenure as SGA president; political activity among LSU students; his relations with several LSU administrators; the integration of African Americans at LSU and in the United States; the Southern University riots; and his work for U.S. Senator Russell Long, New Orleans Mayor Ernest N. Morial, and the Louisiana Lottery Corporation."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sga/Pourciau_Kerry_T404_T405_T634.abs.pdf	Kerry Louis Pourciau was the first African American to be elected president of the LSU Student Government Association (1972). He later held positions with U.S. Senator Russell Long and New Orleans Mayor Ernest N. Morial. He was economic development director for the City of Baton Rouge and worked in public relations for Gulf States Utilities and the Louisiana Lottery Corporation.	"Pourciau, Kerry Louis, 1951-1994--Interviews.; Pourciau family.; Long, Russell B.; Morial, Ernest N.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Student Government Association.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Southern University and A & M College.; Louisiana Lottery Corporation--Public relations.; African American college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Political activity.; College students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Political activity.; College student government--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975--Protest movements--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College administrators--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Civil rights--United States."	3 sound cassettes (3.5 hours); Transcript (128 leaves); Index (3 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Kerry Louis Pourciau Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0293, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the heirs of the interviewee in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: SGA Past Presidents	"Lloyd F. Love oral history interview, 1999-2000."	"Love, Lloyd F., 1921-2006"	1999-2000.	"Abraham, Jennifer,"	"Love recalls growing up in Monterey, La., on a 40-acre farm.  He primarily discusses his time at LSU as an undergraduate (1938-1942) and law school student (1946-1948), going into detail about ROTC and cadet life, campus activities, athletics, women on campus, tuition and scholarships, student jobs, his term as LSU Student Body President, his friends and fellow students, and other topics.  He discusses his military and pilot training and WWII service with the U.S. Army Air Corps from 1942 to 1945.  He outlines his involvement with the LSU Alumni Federation, the LSU Foundation, and other university-related endeavors.  He talks about Concordia Parish, La., and his campaign to have a levee built around the parish."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sga/Love_Lloyd_all_tapes.abs.pdf	"Lloyd F. Love was born in Monterey, La., in 1921 to Sadie White Love and James Hartwell Love.  He had one brother, J.H. Love Jr.  Love was valedictorian of his graduating class at Monterey High School and attended Louisiana State University from 1938 to 1942, earning a bachelor's degree in forestry.  As an ROTC cadet, he was called to active duty in the U.S. Army Air Corps upon graduation.  He earned his wings in August 1943 and flew 73 missions from Sardinia in a B-26 bomber.  He served the remainder of the war flying out of Laughlin Field in Del Rio, Tex.  After the war, Love intended to stay enlisted, but changed his mind after being set up on a blind date with Ann Jackson, whom he soon married.  He started law school at LSU in late 1946 and served as Student Body President in 1946-1947.  He received his LLB and JD degrees in 1948 and began practicing in Ferriday, La., that same year.  Love dedicated much of his life to supporting LSU as member and 1959 president of the LSU Alumni Federation, a charter member of the LSU Foundation, and founder and past president of the Concordia Parish LSU Alumni Association.  He successfully campaigned for construction of a ring levee in Concordia Parish, served as city attorney for the town of Ferriday, was active in the Rotary Club and Boy Scouts of America, and was recognized by the Louisiana Bar Association for his pro bono work.  Love was the recipient of countless honors and awards for his military achievements, his work as a lawyer, his involvement with LSU, and his civic involvement in Concordia Parish and the state of Louisiana.  He passed away in 2006 at age 84 and was survived by his wife and four children."	"Love, Lloyd F., 1921-2006--Interviews.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Law School--Students.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--Reserve Officers Training Corps.; LSU Alumni Federation.; LSU Foundation.; United States.--Army Air Forces--Military life.; College student government--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Farm life--Louisiana--Monterey.; Flight training--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Levees--Louisiana--Concordia Parish.; Military cadets--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Women college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; World War, 1939-1945--Italy--Sardinia--Aerial operations, American.; Concordia Parish (La.)--Politics and government--20th century.; Louisiana--Politics and government--20th century."	"3 sound cassettes (4 hours, 17 minutes); Transcript (128 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lloyd F. Love Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1208, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: SGA Past Presidents	"Roger Houston Ogden oral history interview, 1994"	"Ogden, Roger Houston, "	1994	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"Ogden provides a detailed biography of his life, from his early years and education in Shreveport and Lafayette, Louisiana, through his time at Louisiana State University, to his successes as a lawyer and later as a real estate developer.  He focuses primarily on his undergraduate years at LSU, discussing his campaigns and tenures as Freshman Class and Student Body President; procedures of Student Government Association and Student Assembly; the end of compulsory ROTC for male students; the political climate on campus in the mid to late 1960s; Vietnam War protests on campus; student leaders; Greek organizations; fraternity houses; fraternity hazing and pledging; dormitories; student activities on and off campus; athletics; university administrators; his favorite professors, and much more. Ogden goes into great detail about his experiences as Senatorial intern to Russell Long in the summer of 1967, and gives his insights into Long's character and motivations.  He recounts his time as a lawyer in New Orleans in the early 1970s, his transition into real estate development, and his first few residential and commercial development projects. Ogden discusses the origin of his collection of southern art and touches on many other topics such as racism, integration and desegregation, civil rights; the oil and gas business in Texas and Louisiana; his parents' backgrounds, LSU's Business School, civic improvement projects in New Orleans, and his continued involvement with LSU through the Alumni Association and as a member of the Board of Supervisors."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/sga/Ogden_Roger_AllTapes.pdf	"Roger Ogden was born in 1946 in Denver, Colorado to Roger Hadfield Ogden and Mary Catherine Schneider. His parents moved to Shreveport, Louisiana, just after his birth. Ogden started his elementary education at A.C. Steere School in Shreveport, and continued in Lafayette at Hamilton Laboratory School, part of Southwestern Louisiana Institute. He graduated from Lafayette High School in 1964 and entered LSU that same year, joining Kappa Sigma Fraternity and serving as Freshman Class President.  He served as a Senatorial Intern to Russell Long in the summer of 1967 and was LSU Student Body President from 1967-1968. He graduated from LSU in 1968 with a B.S. in Business. He was awarded the Rotary International Fellowship for Graduate Study at the University of London School of Economics and Political Science, but was unable to pursue the fellowship due to the Selective Service Board denying him permission to travel abroad. He soon went on to Tulane University Law School, graduating in 1971. He worked in corporate litigation for several years with Lemle, Kelleher, Kohlmeyer and Matthews Law Firm in New Orleans. In 1975, with LSU classmate James Maurin, he founded Maurin-Ogden, Inc., a real estate development company. Ogden served on the LSU Board of Supervisors, LSU Alumni Association, LSU Foundation, and was involved with the university in many other ways. He is active in countless civic and professional organizations, and has a large art collection that was the basis for the Ogden Museum of Southern Art in New Orleans. Ogden is divorced from Ann Waits; the couple had one son, Field."	"Ogden, Roger Houston--Interviews.; Long, Russell B.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--Board of Supervisors.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.).--College of Business Administration.; LSU Alumni Association.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Art, American--Southern States.; Art--Collectors and collecting--Louisiana.; Civic improvement--Louisiana--New Orleans.; College sports--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; College student government--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Lawyers--Louisiana.; Real estate developers--Louisiana.; Real estate development--Louisiana.; Vietnam War, 1961-1975--Protest movements--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	"5 sound cassettes (10 hours, 32 minutes); 3digital audio files; Transcript (272 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Roger Houston Ogden Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0519, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Women at LSU	"Frances Greer oral history interview, 1997"	"Greer, Frances, 1917-2005"	1997	"Ross, Ron,; Ross, Jane, -1932"	"Greer discusses attending Louisiana State University in the 1930s, notable LSU music faculty, her opera career, performing with the Metropolitan Opera, other noteworthy opera singers she has known, her teaching at the University of Michigan in the 1950s, and her relationships with other famous natives of Arkansas including IBM CEO Thomas J. Watson."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/women/Greer_Francis_T1286.abs.pdf	"Frances Greer was an LSU graduate, lyric soprano with the Metropolitan Opera, and professor at the University of Michigan."	"Greer, Frances, 1917-2005--Interviews.; Watson, Thomas J., 1914-1993; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--School of Music.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Metropolitan Opera (New York, N.Y.); University of Michigan.--School of Music.; Opera--United States.; Arkansas--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (63 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Frances Greer Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0902, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Women at LSU	"M. Margaret Jameson oral history interview, 1993-1994."	"Jameson, M. Margaret, 1920-2006"	1993-1994.	"Dean, Pamela, -1946"	"Jameson discusses her family, her education and student employment at Winthrop College, her job with Pratt-Whitney Aircraft Company during World War II, her work as Assistant Dean of Women at Vanderbilt University, and her assignments at other colleges.  She extensively describes her work as Dean of Women at LSU, student conduct, dormitory policies, Greek letter societies, honor societies, the LSU Health Center, women students, and events on campus after the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/women/Jameson_Margaret_4700.0305.abs.pdf	"M. Margaret Jameson was born in South Carolina on September 8, 1920.  She was educated at Winthrop College and Syracuse University.  She held positions at Vanderbilt University, Texas Western College, the University of Maryland, and Mississippi State College for Women before becoming Dean of Women at Louisiana State University in 1966.  Jameson later was Dean of Students from 1976 to 1989."	"Jameson, M. Margaret, 1920-2006--Interviews.; Reddoch, James Wilson, 1924-2011.; King, Martin Luther, Jr., 1929-1968--Assassination.; Winthrop College--Students.; Pratt & Whitney Aircraft Company.; Vanderbilt University.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Administration.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; College students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Conduct of life.; Women college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Dormitories--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Dormitory life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Universities and colleges--Health promotion services--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	6 sound cassettes (7.5 hours); Transcript (281 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"M. Margaret Jameson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0305, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Women at LSU	"Ellen Bryan Moore oral history interview, 1995"	"Moore, Ellen Bryan, 1912-2000"	1995	"Hebert, Mary J.,"	"Moore discusses her early life growing up in the warden's house of the state penitentiary, her attendance at LSU's University Demonstration High School and later at the university, teaching at Baton Rouge elementary schools and the Depression's impact on that area, her service as a recruiter for the Women's Army Corps, her political career, campaigning, Huey Long, and her work as Register of State Lands."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/women/Moore_Ellen_T776_T777_T801.abs.pdf	"Ellen Bryan Moore was an LSU alumna, a member of the Women's Army Corps during World War II, and former Register of State Lands."	"Moore, Ellen Bryan, 1912-2000--Interviews.; Long, Huey Pierce, 1893-1935.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.--University Demonstration High School.; United States.--Army.--Women's Army Corps.; Prisons--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Prison wardens--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Family relationships.; Depressions--1929--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Political campaigns--Louisiana.; Land titles--Registration and transfer--Louisiana."	3 sound cassettes (3.5 hours); Transcript (159 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ellen Bryan Moore Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0537, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
LSU History Oral History Project: Women at LSU	"Jo Stumberg oral history interview, 1978"	"Stumberg, Jo, -1902"	1978	"Crews, Susie."	"Interview discusses Stumberg's first Master's thesis on occupations for women in Baton Rouge; her parents' unique opinions for the time; and campus life on the old campus. Mentions her career as an elementary school teacher and then, LSU teacher in the 1930s; first to teach home economics; and overseeing the ""tin shop"". Also mentions being fired by Huey Long; the lives and status of women during the 1920-1930s; and the expansion of LSU."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/university/women/Stumberg_Jo_T69.abs.pdf	"Jo Stumberg was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana on October 5, 1902. She received her undergraduate degree in 1922, a Master of Education degree in 1928, and a Master of Science degree in 1937, all from Louisiana State University. She is the daughter of Charles Stumberg, Professor of German at LSU from 1895-1938."	Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Alumni and alumnae.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Faculty.; Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--History.; College students--Louisiana--Social conditions.; Women college students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.	"Transcript (109 p.); 2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 50 minutes)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jo Stumberg Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0061, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collection, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and  her heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Baton Rouge Bus Boycott	"Dupuy H. Anderson oral history interview, 1998"	"Anderson, Dupuy H. 1918-1999"	1998	"Wallace, Dawn Deann,"	"Dupuy H. Anderson discusses his childhood in a mixed neighborhood and memories of public school segregation in Baton Rouge; discrimination and segregation in the U.S. Air Force that resulted in his being refused assignments; and his experiences with racism and segregation in social gatherings, trains, hospitals, and schools across the South.  He explains his interest in school desegregation, the motivations and concerns of African Americans for desegregation, and his observations of integration in Atlanta, Mississippi, and California.  Anderson also describes his participation in the Baton Rouge bus boycott of 1953, including the leadership of veterans, peoples' providing free rides for African-American commuters, and the limited success of the effort."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/4_boycott/Anderson_Dupuy_T1513.pdf	"Dupuy H. Anderson graduated from McKinley High School in Baton Rouge, La., in 1935, received a B.S. degree from Southern University in Baton Rouge, and a D.D.S. degree from Meharry Medical College in Nashville, Tenn.  He enlisted in 1941 and served with the U.S. Air Force, rising to the rank of major.  He participated in the 1953 Baton Rouge bus boycott and filed suit to desegregate the undergraduate division of Louisiana State University.  His daughter, Freya Anderson Rivers, was one of six African-American undergraduates to integrate LSU in 1964."	"Anderson, Dupuy H.--(Dupuy Henry), 1918-1999--Interviews.; United States.--Air Force--African American officers.; African Americans--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge Bus Boycott, Baton Rouge, La., 1953.; Bus lines--Ridership--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Bus occupants--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Racism--United States.; School integration--United States.; Segregation in education--United States.; Segregation in transportation--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Race relations.; United States--Race relations."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 24 minutes); Transcript (24 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Dupuy H. Anderson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1026, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Baton Rouge Bus Boycott	"James John Batiste Sr. oral history interview, 1998"	"Batiste, James John, -1947"	1998	"Jenkins, Rashada,"	"Batiste discusses civil rights activism in Baton Rouge during the late 1950s and 1960s.  He describes in detail the bus system in Scotlandville and the differences in the Baton Rouge city bus system which had segregated seating.  He describes instances of racism and prejudice that he faced and witnessed as a teenager and young man.  He discusses voting drives, pickets and boycotts he took part in, and resulting arrests."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/4_boycott/Batiste_James.pdf	"James Batiste was born in New Roads, La., to Lawrence Batiste Sr. and Albertha Sims Batiste.  He has three brothers: Lawrence Jr., Sam, and Wilson.  Batiste lived in Rougon, La., for a time but was raised primarily in Scotlandville, La., where he attended Scotlandville High School.  He moved to Port Allen, La., when he was seventeen.  Batiste is married to Mary Bell of Lakeland, La.  He has eight children, one stepchild, and sixteen grandchildren.  At the time of this interview, Batiste was on the janitorial staff at McKinley High School in Baton Rouge where he had worked since 1980."	"Batiste, James John, 1947---Interviews.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Baton Rouge Bus Boycott, Baton Rouge, La., 1953.; Boycotts--Louisiana.; Bus lines--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Bus lines--Louisiana--Scotlandville.; Civil rights movements--Louisiana.; Picketing--Louisiana.; Segregation in transportation--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Racism--Louisiana."	Transcript (17 leaves); Abstract (2 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"James John Batiste Sr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1035, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Baton Rouge Bus Boycott	"Mary Edith Moody oral history interview, 2002"	"Moody, Mary Edith, -1926"	2002	"Horn, Amy,"	"Moody discusses the Baton Rouge Bus Boycott of 1953, the role of women in the boycott, the civil right movement, and her work as a minister."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/4_boycott/Moody_Mary_T3079.pdf	"Mary Edith Moody was born on July 29, 1926, in Baton Rouge, La.  She graduated from Southern University Laboratory School and earned degrees from Southern University, Louisiana State University, and the Interdenominational Theological Center in Atlanta, Ga.  Moody taught English and business education at the Louisiana State School for the Blind for more than 30 years.  She became a minister in 1972 and has served at several African Methodist Episcopal churches in the Baton Rouge area."	"Moody, Mary Edith, 1926---Interviews.; Jemison, T. J.--(Theodore Judson); Parks, Rosa, 1913-2005.; King, Martin Luther, Jr., 1929-1968.; African American women civil rights workers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge Bus Boycott, Baton Rouge, La., 1953.; Bus lines--Ridership--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Bus occupants--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Segregation in transportation--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Race relations."	1 sound cassette (34 minutes); Transcript (18 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Mary Edith Moody Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1514, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Baton Rouge Bus Boycott	"Patricia Ann Robinson oral history interview, 1998"	"Robinson, Patricia Ann, -1957"	1998	"Porche, Erin,"	Robinson discusses her experiences with riding the bus in Baton Rouge in the 1960s and 70s and her knowledge of the bus system in the area.  She shares what she learned from her parents and other older community members about the Baton Rouge Bus Boycott of 1953.  She discusses her experiences as a McKinley student and recounts discrimination she has faced and how she handled it.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/4_boycott/Robinson_Patricia_T1541.pdf	"Patricia Ann Robinson was born in 1957 to James and Ella May Robinson.  She grew up in South Baton Rouge where she attended McKinley Junior and Senior High School.  She went on to major in Business at Southern University.  At the time of this interview, she was Director of Special Projects with the Louisiana Department of Economic Development."	"Robinson, Patricia Ann, 1957---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); Southern University and A & M College.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Baton Rouge Bus Boycott, Baton Rouge, La., 1953.; Bus lines--Ridership--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Bus occupants--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Segregation in transportation--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Racism--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (33 minutes); Transcript (20 leaves); Abstract (2 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Patricia Ann Robinson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1045, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Baton Rouge Bus Boycott	"Reginald R. Brown, Sr. oral history interview, 1998"	"Brown, Reginald R., -1946"	1998	"Pang, Jeong Suk,"	"Brown shares his memories and information gleaned from his parents' generation about the 1953 Baton Rouge Bus Boycott. He describes various aspects of the boycott including the bus system in Baton Rouge and Scotlandville, segregated seating, carpooling and free rides, meetings, organization, and fundraising. He describes the role of black churches and ministers in publicizing the boycott. Brown also discusses sit-ins and marches during the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s.  Brown touches on black churches and businesses in the community, politics and law enforcement in Baton Rouge, and describes changes he's seen over time in the black community since desegregation."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/4_boycott/Brown_Reginald_T1503.pdf	"Reginald Brown was born in Baton Rouge, La., in 1946 to Walter and Teresa Bell Brown.  He graduated from Thomas A. Levy High School in 1964 and went on to Southern University.  He worked as an East Baton Rouge Parish sheriff's deputy for twenty-five years and was elected Baton Rouge City Constable in 2000.  Brown has served in organizations such as Holiday Helpers, Inc. of Baton Rouge, Alcohol/Drug Detox Board, the YMCA, and the Louisiana Bar Disciplinary Board.  He is the father of two sons and a daughter."	"Brown, Reginald R., Sr., 1946---Interviews.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American business enterprises--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; Baton Rouge Bus Boycott, Baton Rouge, La., 1953.; Bus lines--Ridership--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Bus occupants--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Law enforcement--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Segregation in transportation--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 23 minutes); Transcript (41 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Reginald R. Brown, Sr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1018, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Adolph Jerome Byrd oral history interview, 1995"	"Byrd, Adolph Jerome, -1922"	1995	"Jones, Roderick,"	"Byrd discusses his attendance at McKinley High School, including academics, sports, activities, influential teachers, older students, and graduates; his struggle to complete high school because of the need to drop out for work; the role of the community in raising children; disciplinary action he and other children received when they misbehaved; the lack of discipline and respect among young people today; and the need to rehabilitate nonviolent criminals."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Byrd_Adolph_T915.pdf	"Adolph Jerome Byrd was born January 22, 1922, in Shreveport, La.  He attended McKinley High School in Baton Rouge, La., from 1935 to 1942, often dropping out to work and support himself financially.  Byrd attended Louisiana Negro Normal and Industrial School (now Grambling State University) beginning in 1942, but left to serve in World War II.  He returned there after the war and earned a degree in elementary education in 1949.  Byrd later completed master and doctoral degrees and taught in Louisiana for over 30 years."	"Byrd, Adolph Jerome, 1922---Interviews.; Robinson, Eddie.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school dropouts--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Child rearing--Social aspects--United States.; Discipline of children--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Criminals--Rehabilitation--United States."	1 sound cassette (47 minutes); Transcript (26 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Adolph Jerome Byrd Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0631, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Avis Baker-White oral history interview, 1995"	"Baker-White, Avis, 1928?-"	1995	"Posey, Carmen,"	"Baker-White remembers her time at McKinley High School, both as a student and as a teacher.  Opinions about education and civil rights are also discussed."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Baker-White_Avis_T931.pdf	"Avis Baker-White was born in Baton Rouge, La.  She graduated from McKinley High School in 1943 at age fifteen, then attended Southern University.  She taught at McKinley High School for many years, retiring in 1979.  She married Gilbert White, a pharmacist, and they had three children."	"Baker-White, Avis, 1928?---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American teachers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (39 minutes); Transcript (20 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Avis Baker-White Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0641, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Carl T. Ford Jr. oral history interview, 1995"	"Ford, Carl T., -1923"	1995	"Jones, Roderick,"	"Ford discusses his experiences as a student and coach at McKinley High School from the 1940s to the 1980s, including a typical day, athletics, students, academics, and the influence of McKinley graduates."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Ford_Carl_T932.pdf	"Carl T. Ford Jr. was born in Baton Rouge, La., on June 17, 1923, to Carl T. Ford Sr. and Julia Collins Ford.  He graduated from McKinley High School in Baton Rouge in 1943 and served in the U.S. Army during World War II.  He was a coach at McKinley High School between 1960 and 1983."	"Ford, Carl T., 1923---Interviews.; Craft, Julius L.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; School sports--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (18 minutes); Transcript (12 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Carl T. Ford Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0642, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Charles H. Brent oral history interview, 1995"	"Brent, Charles H., -1948"	1995	"Posey, Carmen,; Hollins, Shawnda,"	"Brent describes his attendance at McKinley High School, including a typical day, the role of academics and the importance of sports, influential teachers and coaches, and his participation in basketball, track, and band.  He briefly discusses contentions between African Americans from different areas of Baton Rouge.  He also speaks on the influence of McKinley High School and McKinley graduates on Baton Rouge and changes that have occurred at the school since his graduation."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Brent_Charles_T1011.pdf	"Charles H. Brent is a New Orleans native and a 1966 graduate of McKinley High School in Baton Rouge, La.  He also graduated from Southern University in Baton Rouge and served with the U.S. Armed Forces for 20 years."	"Brent, Charles H., 1948---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Socialization--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; School sports--Social aspects--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (28 minutes); Transcript (15 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Charles H. Brent Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0684, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Charles T. Smith oral history interview, 1995"	"Smith, Charles T., 1932-2012"	1995	"Hollins, Shawnda,; Posey, Carmen,"	"Smith describes McKinley High School's impact on Baton Rouge's racial, political, economic and social history. He recalls the importance of academics, athletics, and school pride during his years as a student there in the 1940s. He lists his role models, inspiring teachers and his accomplishments."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Smith_Charles_T936.pdf	Reverend Charles T. Smith graduated from McKinley High School in 1948. He attended Southern University and the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary and received his Doctor of Divinity from Union Baptist Theological Seminary. He serves as the pastor of Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church in Baton Rouge.	"Smith, Charles T., 1932-2012--Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American teachers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (32 minutes); Transcript (15 leaves); Abstract (1 leaf)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Charles T. Smith Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0646, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Daryl Blacher Murray oral history interview, 1995"	"Murray, Daryl Blacher, -1956"	1995	"Graves, Nadia,"	"Murray recalls her time as a student at McKinley High School from 1970 to 1974.  She discusses the importance of academics, the teachers who were her role models, the popular fashions and hairstyles, the elected offices she held and honors she was bestowed, and the role that a McKinley education played in her career as a public servant.  She discusses the role of athletics at McKinley, the quality of the athletic programs, and the rivalry between McKinley and Capitol High School.  She ponders the influence of McKinley on Baton Rouge's history and the school's impact on the political life of African Americans in Baton Rouge."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Murray_Daryl_Blacher_T1014.pdf	"Daryl Blacher Murray was born on April 2, 1956, in New Orleans, La., to Beverly and Harold Blacher, Sr.  She is one of five children and grew up across the street from McKinley High School in Baton Rouge, La.  Murray attended McKinley High School from 1970 to 1974.  She served as student body president and class president, was named Most Popular and Miss Track, and was a member of the Honor Society.  After graduating from McKinley, she attended Southern University and graduated with a degree in speech communication.  At the time of the interview, she was employed by the East Baton Rouge Parish Planning Commission.  She went on to work as the associate state director for community outreach for the AARP, and in 2009 became the director of the Bureau of Policy, Planning and Evaluation for the Louisiana Department of Social Services."	"Murray, Daryl Blacher, 1956---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Political activity--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American teachers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; School sports--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (19 minutes); Transcript (12 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Daryl Blacher Murray Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0687, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Edmae Delpit Butler oral history interview, 1995"	"Butler, Edmae Delpit, "	1995	"Hollins, Shawnda,"	"Butler discusses her attendance at McKinley High School, including classes and activities in which she participated, fashions, her achievements as a student, memorable moments, favorite teachers, the influence of McKinley students on Baton Rouge, and changes at McKinley High School since she graduated.  She discusses briefly her life after graduating from McKinley and her desire to see more community involvement among young people."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Butler_Edmae_T898.pdf	"Edmae Delpit Butler (n{acute}ee LaMotte) was a native of Lobdell, La., who graduated from McKinley High School in Baton Rouge, La., in 1932.  She later graduated from Southern University and Louisiana State University.  She taught mathematics at McKinley High School for 16 years.  Her husband was Thomas Delpit and her son, Joseph Delpit, is a former Louisiana state representative."	"Butler, Edmae Delpit--Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (23 minutes); Transcript (13 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Edmae Delpit Butler Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0614, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Eva R. Legard oral history interview, 1995"	"Legard, Eva R., 1924-2005"	1995	"Posey, Carmen,; Jenkins, Shanta,"	"Legard talks about her years at McKinley High School (1938-1942), and the changes she's seen in schools and education. She discusses her favorite classes and teachers, fellow students, discipline, teachers' involvement in students' lives, and the role of academics and athletics. She briefly touches on the Civil Rights Movement and her election to and service on the East Baton Rouge Parish School Board."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Legard_Eva_T908.pdf	"Eva Legard was born in Lafayette, La., in 1924, and moved to Baton Rouge in 1938. A 1942 graduate of McKinley High School, she worked for many years at Southern University, retiring from the registrar's office. She was the first African American female member of the East Baton Rouge Parish School Board. Active in promoting public education, she worked with the Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts, and with her church, St. Francis Xavier. Legard was a longtime member and president of the Board of the Baton Rouge Council on Human Relations. In 1986, she received their Powell-Reznikoff Humanitarian Award. She died in 2005 at age eighty."	"Legard, Eva R., 1924-2005--Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); East Baton Rouge Parish (La.).--School Board.; African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American teachers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; School sports--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 digital audio file (33 minutes); Transcript (16 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Eva R. Legard Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0624, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Frankie B. Chrisentery oral history interview, 1995"	"Chrisentery, Frankie B., "	1995	"Hollins, Shawnda,"	"Chrisentery primarily discusses her memories as a student at McKinley High School in the early 1940s.  She recalls her favorite teachers, school principals, fellow students, clothing and hair styles, academics, extracurricular activities, shortcomings of the school facilities in the 1940s, and other topics.  She discusses some of the prominent graduates and the need to keep the legacy of McKinley High alive.  She offers advice to McKinley graduates and contrasts their opportunities against the limited opportunities she faced as a graduate."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Chrisentery_Frankie_T1012.abs.pdf	"Frankie B. Chrisentery was born in East Baton Rouge Parish, La.  She attended McKinley Senior High School in Baton Rouge, graduating in 1944.  She went to Grambling State University, then Southern University for two years each.  Chrisentery earned a master's degree from Indiana University and worked for many years as an educator in several East Baton Rouge Parish schools."	"Chrisentery, Frankie B.--Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Socialization--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American teachers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 digital audio file (33 minutes); Transcript (22 leaves); Abstract (2 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Frankie B. Chrisentery Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0685, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Freddie Pitcher oral history interview, 1995"	"Pitcher, Freddie, -1945"	1995	"Jones, Roderick,"	"Pitcher discusses McKinley High School during the late 1950s and early 1960s, as well as notable graduates."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Pitcher_Freddie_T906.pdf	"Freddie Pitcher was born in Baton Rouge, La., on April 28, 1945, to Freddie Pitcher Sr. and Lucy Ingram Pitcher.  He graduated from McKinley High School (1962) and Southern University (B.A., 1966; J.D., 1973).  He co-founded the law firm of Pitcher, Tyson, Avery, and Cunningham and was elected Baton Rouge's first African-American city court judge in 1983.  Pitcher also was elected judge of the 19th Judicial District Court (1987) and the First Circuit Court of Appeals (1992).  He became a full professor and chancellor of the Southern University Law Center in 2003."	"Pitcher, Freddie, 1945---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (35 minutes); Transcript (13 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Freddie Pitcher Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0622, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Freddie Smith Jr. oral history interview, 1995"	"Smith, Freddie, -1945"	1995	"Jenkins, Shanta,; Posey, Carmen,"	"In this brief interview, Smith recalls his experiences as a student at McKinley from 1959 to 1963.  He describes a typical day's schedule, his participation in sports, the emphasis on academics, and his academic achievements.  He talks about his favorite teacher, Mildred Cummings, recalls community involvement at McKinley, names some prominent graduates, and discusses McKinley's influence on Baton Rouge."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Smith_Freddie_T1017.pdf	"Freddie Smith Jr. was born in New Orleans, La., in 1945 to Freddie and Estelle Smith.  He attended McKinley High School from 1959 through 1963 and went on to Grambling College (now Grambling State University), where he received a degree in Recreation.  After college, he worked at the Exxon Refinery in Baton Rouge for fifteen years, and then worked as a lab technician at Ciba-Geigy in St. Gabriel.  He is married to Patricia Haynes Smith and they have six children."	"Smith, Freddie, Jr., 1945---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American teachers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; School sports--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 digital audio file (11 minutes); Transcript (9 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Freddie Smith Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0690, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Isabel M. Herson oral history interview, 1995"	"Herson, Isabel M. 1910-2011"	1995	"Hollins, Shawnda,; Hendry, Petra Munro, -1958"	"Herson describes herself as an honor student active in school clubs, academics, and athletics.  She describes several classmates, faculty members, an average day, dress codes, codes of conduct, and McKinley High School's contribution to students, the community, and history of Baton Rouge.  Herson describes her life experiences after leaving McKinley, reflects on the foundation she received there, and leaves words of wisdom for aspiring McKinley graduates."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Herson_Isabel_T901.pdf	"Isabel M. Herson was born in Baton Rouge, La., on September 23, 1910 to Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Morgan.  She was part of the first class to graduate from McKinley High School after attending a full school year in 1928.  She was a teacher and served as Chairman of the Department of Elementary Education at Southern University."	"Herson, Isabel M.--(Isabel Morgan), 1910-2011--Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); Southern University and A & M College.; African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American teachers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Abstract (1 leaf); Transcript (57 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Isabel M. Herson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0617, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Isiah Carey oral history interview, 1995"	"Carey, Isiah, -1969"	1995	"Posey, Carmen,; Jenkins, Shanta,"	"Carey discusses attending McKinley High School, a typical school day, teachers and coaches, and his parents and other people who influenced him."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Carey_Isiah_T903.pdf	"Isiah Carey is a broadcast journalist who was born and raised in Baton Rouge, La. He attended McKinley High School between 1984 and 1988."	"Carey, Isiah, 1969---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High schools--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Role models--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (30 minutes); Transcript (12 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Isiah Carey Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0619, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Janie Wiggins Wheelock oral history interview, 1995"	"Wheelock, Janie Wiggins, "	1995	"Posey, Carmen,"	Wheelock discusses her memories of McKinley High School and McKinley Junior High School.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Wheelock_Janie_T1018.pdf	"Janie Wiggins Wheelock was born in Port Allen, La., attended McKinley High School, and taught at McKinley Junior High School from 1955 to 1969."	"Wheelock, Janie Wiggins--Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); McKinley Junior High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Education (Middle school)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (11 minutes); Index (1 leaf); Transcript (8 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Janie Wiggins Wheelock Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0691, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"John Brother Cade Jr. oral history interview, 1995"	"Cade, John Brother, -1932"	1995	"Hollins, Shawnda,; Posey, Carmen,"	"Cade discusses a typical day at McKinley High School, including classroom activities, clubs, dances, sports, the importance of academic achievement, and buildings partnerships with parents to help students achieve.  He discusses the legacy of McKinley High School, the strength of its community, the success of its alumni, changes since the time he taught there, and the lack of discipline among children."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Cade_John_T933.pdf	"John Brother Cade Jr. was born on the campus of Prairie View A&M University, Texas, to John B. Cade Sr. and Jessie Mae Maben Cade.  He attended Southern University Laboratory High School and later graduated from Southern University.  Cade taught at McKinley High School in Baton Rouge, La., between 1961 and 1964.  He also was a teacher at Scotlandville High School and assistant principal at Capitol High School.  His father, John B. Cade Sr., was the first principal at Southern University Laboratory High School and University Dean and Director of Extension Services at Southern University (1939-1961)."	"Cade, John Brother, 1932---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Parent-teacher relationships--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Discipline of children--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (32 minutes); Transcript (20 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John Brother Cade Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0643, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Lisa Richard Jones oral history interview, 1995"	"Jones, Lisa Richard, -1959"	1995	"Posey, Carmen,"	"The interview concerns Jones' experience and memories of her time as a student at McKinley High School in the mid-1970s. Jones recalls her favorite teachers and classes, extracurricular activities, sports, the rivalry with Capitol High and community involvement in the school."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Jones_Lisa_R_T904.pdf	"Lisa Richard Jones was born in 1959 to Mark and Myrtle Richard. She grew up in Baton Rouge, and attended McKinley High School from 1974 to 1977. She went on to college at Tulane University."	"Jones, Lisa Richard, 1959---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American teachers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; School sports--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (24 minutes); Transcript (10 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lisa Richard Jones Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0620, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Nathaniel Patrick Perry oral history interview, 1995"	"Perry, Nathaniel Patrick, 1912-2002"	1995	"Hollins, Shawnda,; Jenkins, Shanta,; Hendry, Petra Munro, -1958; Posey, Carmen,; Vaughn, Derek,"	"Perry discusses student life at McKinley High School in the late 1920s, as well as his own education and work in education and the ministry."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Perry_Nathaniel_T900.pdf	"Nathaniel Patrick Perry was born March 17, 1912, in New Orleans, La., and grew up in Baton Rouge.  He attended Baton Rouge Colored High School and graduated from McKinley High School in 1930.  He received a B.A. degree in mathematics from New Orleans University (now Dillard University) in 1935.  Perry received degrees in divinity and social work from Howard University and spent most of his career as a minister.  He was also an accomplished singer, performing with the Louisiana Bards Male Chorus of New Orleans University at the 1933 World's Fair in Chicago.  He married Clytie Fears of Alexandria, La., and died June 15, 2002."	"Perry, Nathaniel Patrick, 1912-2002--Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); New Orleans University--Students.; African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Segregation in education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (55 minutes); Transcript (42 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Nathaniel Patrick Perry Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0616, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Rev. T.J. Jemison oral history interview, 1995"	"Jemison, T. J. "	1995	"Jones, Roderick,; Vaughn, Derrek,; Johnson, Michelle,"	"Jemison discusses his personal background, the 1953 Baton Rouge bus boycott, and various other events in the civil rights movement."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Jemison_TJ_T911.pdf	"Rev. T.J. Jemison was pastor of Mount Zion Baptist Church in Baton Rouge, La., and the organizer of the 1953 Baton Rouge bus boycott."	"Jemison, T. J.--(Theodore Judson)--Interviews.; Bus lines--Ridership--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Boycotts--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Civil rights--United States.; Civil rights movements--United States.; Baton Rouge (La.)--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (30 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Rev. T.J. Jemison Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0627, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: History of the School	"Rita Blacher oral history interview, 1995"	"Blacher, Rita, -1959"	1995	"Posey, Carmen,"	"Blacher discusses her attendance at McKinley High School, including classes and activities in which she participated, the importance of athletics, and being on the homecoming court.  She also discusses changes at McKinley High School since she graduated."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/1_history/Blacher_Rita_T943.pdf	"Rita Blacher was born in 1959 in Baton Rouge, La., to Beverly and Harold Blacher.  She attended McKinley High School from 1975 to 1977 and later attended Xavier University in New Orleans, La."	"Blacher, Rita, 1959---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; School sports--Social aspects--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (9 minutes); Transcript (9 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Rita Blacher Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0653, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Businesses	"Albert Domino oral history interview, 1996"	"Domino, Albert, 1924-2001"	1996	"Henry, Rudolph.; Goods, Michael."	"The interview was conducted as Domino drove around the neighborhood in south Baton Rouge know as ""the Bottoms,"" pointing out locations where important community businesses had been, including barber shops, grocery stores and eateries, churches, shoe shops, and music clubs. Domino discusses racial relationships, the reasons for decline in the businesses, and problems with integration.  His observations show how the institutions of south Baton Rouge affected and influenced the community."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/2_businesses/Domino_Albert_T1030.pdf	"Albert Domino was born in ""the Bottoms,"" a south Baton Rouge, Louisiana neighborhood on 1 December 1924.  Domino grew up with his parents, Benjamin Domino and Geraldine Warren, from Point Coupee Parish, and his five sisters (Madeline, Teresa, Ronnie, Avis, and Agnes) and brother (Alec).  He attended the old McKinley High School on East Blvd. and lived in Baton Rouge until the age of eighteen when he joined the army.  In 1946, he left the army and returned to Baton Rouge, where he found work at the Audubon Post Office on Government St. He worked there until his retirement."	"Domino, Albert, 1924-2001--Interviews.; Small business--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Segregation--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Race relations.; Baton Rouge (La.)--History--20th century.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Economic conditions--20th century."	1 sound cassette (.75 hours); Transcript (39 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Albert Domino Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0703, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Businesses	"Barbara LaConta Earthly oral history interview, 1996"	"Earthly, Barbara LaConta, 1926-2013"	1996	"Carter, Nedra,"	"Earthly grew up in the vicinity of East Boulevard in South Baton Rouge.  She talks about the doctors' offices, grocery and dry goods stores, and clothing stores in the neighborhood.  She recalls a decline in local businesses as the business owners passed away, as supermarkets emerged, as integration contributed to flight, and as businesses were sold, closed, or burned down.  She reflects on the difference between the close family businesses of the past and the impersonal shop-n-go places of today."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/2_businesses/Earthly_Barbara_T1027.pdf	"Barbara LaConta Earthly was born in New Orleans on January 20, 1926 to [Morell?] and Helen LaConta.  She grew up in South Baton Rouge and attended McKinley High School. She was married to Rev. John Earthly. She passed away in 2013 at age 87."	"Earthly, Barbara LaConta, 1926-2013--Interviews.; African American business enterprises--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American businesspeople--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (15 minutes); Transcript (11 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Barbara LaConta Earthly Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0700, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Businesses	"Charles T. Smith oral history interview, 1996"	"Smith, Charles T., 1932-2012"	1996	"Goods, Michael,; Henry, Rudolph,"	"Smith recalls African American-owned businesses in South Baton Rouge including restaurants, barber shops, grocery stores, beauty shops, drug stores, etc. He explains how African American-owned businesses could not compete with white businesses following integration and how many were forced to close. He describes a typical day in the neighborhood and how the African American church is a success story among minority-owned businesses."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/2_businesses/Smith_Charles_T1041.pdf	Reverend Charles T. Smith graduated from McKinley High School in 1948. He attended Southern University and the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary and received his Doctor of Divinity from Union Baptist Theological Seminary. He serves as the pastor of Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church in Baton Rouge.	"Smith, Charles T., 1932-2012--Interviews.; African American business enterprises--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American Baptists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (19 minutes); Transcript (9 leaves); Abstract (1 leaf)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Charles T. Smith Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0714, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Businesses	"Eva Legard oral history interview, 1996"	"Legard, Eva R., 1924-2005"	1996	"Carter, Nedra,; Carrell, Khary,"	"Legard discusses African-American owned businesses in South Baton Rouge, relationships among people in the community, the lives of students at McKinley High School, and the later deterioration of the neighborhood."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/2_businesses/Legard_Eva_T1033.pdf	"Eva Legard was born in Lafayette, La., on December 31, 1924, and moved to Baton Rouge in 1938.  She graduated from McKinley High School and worked at the registrar's office at Southern University.  Legard was the first African-American female president of the East Baton Rouge Parish School Board and president of the board of the Baton Rouge Council on Human Relations.  She received the latter's Powell-Reznikoff Humanitarian Award in 1986.  She died in Baton Rouge on May 7, 2005."	"Legard, Eva R., 1924-2005--Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African American business enterprises--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Neighborliness--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Neighbors--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Social life and customs."	1 sound cassette (33 minutes); Transcript (13 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Eva Legard Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0706, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Businesses	"Fred C. Matthews, Jr. oral history interview, 1996"	"Matthews, Fred C., 1906-2002"	1996	"Henry, Rudolph,; Goods, Michael,; Carter, Nedra,; Carrell, Khary,"	"Matthews discusses the movement of farmers to Baton Rouge in the 1920s, and African American businesses in the South Baton Rouge community.  Matthews mainly recalls his career at Standard Oil and advancements in oil refining techniques. He describes race relations at Exxon over the years, and the upward mobility of African Americans within the company after the Civil Rights Act.  He speculates on the rise and fall of African American-owned businesses in Baton Rouge."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/2_businesses/Legard_Eva_T1033.pdf	"Fred Matthews was born in West Feliciana Parish, La., on February 1, 1906.  Matthews worked at the Standard Oil (Esso) Refinery, now Exxon/Mobil, for nearly forty years.  He was the highest ranking and highest paid African American there for many years.  Matthews was married and had three children.  He worked in publicity for Baptist churches for twenty-five years and was a World War II veteran.  Matthews passed away in 2002 at age 95."	"Matthews, Fred C., Jr., 1906-2002--Interviews.; African American business enterprises--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Petroleum--Refining--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Petroleum refineries--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Emigration and immigration.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Race relations--Economic aspects."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 26 minutes); Transcript (42 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Fred C. Matthews, Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0701, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Businesses	"Frederrick Hatter oral history interview, 1996"	"Hatter, Frederrick L., -1960"	1996	"Goods, Michael,; Henry, Rudolph,"	Hatter discusses African-American business enterprises in Baton Rouge and South Baton Rouge neighborhoods.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/2_businesses/Hatter_Frederrick_T1039.pdf	"Frederrick Hatter was born in Baton Rouge, La., on December 7, 1960.  He attended McKinley High School between 1975 and 1978 before joining the McKinley custodial staff."	"Hatter, Frederrick L., 1960---Interviews.; African American business enterprises--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Social life and customs."	1 sound cassette (18 minutes); Index (2 p.); Transcript (9 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Frederrick Hatter Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0712, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Businesses	"Herman Cooper oral history interview, 1996"	"Cooper, Herman, circa 1928-2011"	1996	"Goods, Michael,; Henry, Rudolph,"	"Cooper primarily discusses African-American owned businesses in South Baton Rouge in the 1940s-1960s, describing in detail the locations of business, churches, funeral homes and well-known landmarks in the neighborhood.  He talks about gravel roads, changing street names, former locations of still-operating business and the demolition of buildings.  He discusses the decline of black-owned businesses in South Baton Rouge and his frustration over black-on-black crime.  He describes segregated medical care at Baton Rouge General Hospital and an ambulance service (operated by his employer, Desselle Funeral Home) that took patients to and from Charity Hospital in New Orleans.  He also discusses funeral homes in Baton Rouge, especially those for African Americans."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/2_businesses/Cooper_Herman_T1026.pdf	"Herman Cooper was born in Baton Rouge, La., to [Frank?] Cooper and Cora Johnson Cooper.  He had an older brother, James, and a younger brother, Leander.  At age sixteen, he took a job at Capital Funeral Home and later briefly worked for People's Funeral Home.  He left in 1948 to work for the newly established Desselle Funeral Home, where he stayed for the remainder of his career.  Cooper passed away in 2011 at age eighty-three."	"Cooper, Herman, circa 1928-2011--Interviews.; Desselle Funeral Home (Baton Rouge, La.); Baton Rouge General Hospital.; African American business enterprises--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Crimes against--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Medical care--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Ambulance service--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Funeral homes--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Undertakers and undertaking--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 29 minutes); Transcript (39 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Herman Cooper Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0699, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Businesses	"Isadore Tansil Sr. oral history interview, 1996"	"Tansil, Isadore, 1917-2006"	1996	"Carrell, Khary,; Henry, Rudolph,"	Tansil discusses African-American business enterprises in Baton Rouge between the 1920s and 1940s.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/2_businesses/Tansil_Isadore_T1034.pdf	"Isadore Tansil Sr. was born in Walls, La., in 1917.  A retired letter carrier, he lived in Baton Rouge for more than 75 years."	"Tansil, Isadore, 1917-2006--Interviews.; African American business enterprises--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Economic conditions.; Barter--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Neighborhoods--Economic aspects--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Economic conditions--20th century."	1 sound cassette (51 minutes); Index (2 leaves); Transcript (20 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Isadore Tansil Sr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0707, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Businesses	"Isiah Smith oral history interview, 1996"	"Smith, Isiah, -1947"	1996	"Carter, Nedra,; Carrell, Khary,"	Smith discusses African-American business enterprises in Baton Rouge and recent improvements to the South Baton Rouge neighborhood.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/2_businesses/Smith_Isiah_T1037.pdf	"Isiah Smith was born on December 1, 1947, in Baywood, La.  He moved to South Baton Rouge to be the buildings and grounds supervisor at McKinley High School around 1979."	"Smith, Isiah, 1947---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African American business enterprises--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (8 minutes); Index (1 leaf); Transcript (7 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Isiah Smith Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0710, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Businesses	"Joseph Delpit oral history interview, 1996"	"Delpit, Joseph, -1940"	1996	"Carter, Nedra,; Carrell, Khary,"	"Delpit discusses the ""Chicken Shack,"" his family's business; other south Baton Rouge businesses, theaters, and landmarks; the impact of integration and desegregation on African-American businesses; and crime and the need for community rebuilding."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/2_businesses/Delpit_Joseph_T1025.pdf	"Joseph Delpit was an African-American businessman in Baton Rouge, La.  He was the first black elected official in Baton Rouge when he was chosen for a seat on the city council in 1967.  He later was state representative for District 67."	"Delpit, Joseph, 1940---Interviews.; African American business enterprises--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Diners (Restaurants)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Segregation--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Economic conditions--20th century.; Community development--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Economic conditions--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (45 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Joseph Delpit Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0698, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws. If interview is used for personal profit Joseph Delpit will receive fifty percent of the obtained profit.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Beryl McGhee oral history interview, 1997"	"McGhee, Beryl, -1955"	1997	"Morrison, Tonetta B.,"	"McGhee discusses the history, traditions, social programs, ministries, role of women, and other activities of Bethel A.M.E. Church in Baton Rouge, La.  She also discusses its place in the wider African Methodist Episcopal Church."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/McGhee_Beryl_T1236.pdf	"Beryl McGhee was born on February 12, 1955, in New Orleans, La.  She is a secretary at Southern University and a member of Bethel A.M.E. Church in Baton Rouge, La."	"McGhee, Beryl, 1955---Interviews.; Bethel A.M.E. Church (Baton Rouge, La.); African Methodist Episcopal Church.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Women in church work--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (30 minutes); Transcript (22 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Beryl McGhee Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0861, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Betty L. Johnson oral history interview, 1997"	"Johnson, Betty L., -1929"	1997	"Morrison, Tonetta B.,"	"Johnson describes her experiences as a congregant of Wesley United Methodist Church. She discusses the church's history and musical traditions, their support of higher education and partnerships with local universities, activities and retreats for church members, community outreach programs, involvement in the Civil Rights Movement and other topics. She talks about prominent former ministers, members and visitors to the church, and the role of women at Wesley."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Johnson_Betty_T1274.pdf	"Betty Johnson was born in April 1929 in Baton Rouge, La., to Thelma Ambeau Johnson and George E. Johnson Jr. She is a longtime member of Wesley United Methodist Church and at the time of this interview, was employed as an academic counselor at Southern University."	"Johnson, Betty L., 1929---Interviews.; Wesley United Methodist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); African American Baptists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American women--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American clergy--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (57 minutes); Transcript (26 leaves); Abstract (2 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Betty L. Johnson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0896, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Brenda and Isaac Patterson Jr. oral history interview, 1997"	"Patterson, Brenda Rosea, -1955"	1997	"Patterson, Isaac, -1954; Salaam, Tayari Kwa,"	"The Pattersons talk about their family background and upbringing and the role of religion in their lives. They share their experiences as member of Shiloh Baptist Church. They talk about church membership, traditions, leadership, inclusiveness, and activities in the community. They discuss their involvement with Shiloh's family ministry, the organization and leadership of that ministry, and its importance in supporting parishioners."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Patterson_Brenda_Isaac_T1214.pdf	"Brenda Rosea Patterson was born in Pineville, La., and raised in Baton Rouge. She is a graduate of Delta Business College and works as the minister's secretary at Greater New Guide Baptist Church. She has been a member of Shiloh Baptist Church for fifteen years and is a member of Shiloh's family ministry.; Isaac Patterson Jr., Brenda's husband, was born in New Orleans and also raised in Baton Rouge. He is a graduate of McKinley Senior High and attended Southern University for two years. He works as an operator at Dow Chemical Company. He is also a member of the family ministry at Shiloh Baptist Church."	"Patterson, Brenda Rosea, 1955---Interviews.; Patterson, Isaac, 1954---Interviews.; Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); African American Baptists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American clergy--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 23 minutes); Transcript (49 leaves); Abstract (2 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Brenda and Isaac Patterson Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0843, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Bridgett Demery Jackson Brister oral history interview, 1997"	"Brister, Bridgett Demery Jackson, "	1997	"Green, Shawnte,; Jacobi, Paula T.,"	"Brister discusses her life in St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church, including attending grammar school, church bazaars, religious services, community involvement, returning to the church after years away, and connecting to her faith.  She discusses the negative impact that the construction of Interstate 10 had on the parish community.  Brister describes how the first African-American priest at St. Francis Xavier attracted young families and people from surrounding parishes.  She notes the variation between traditional Catholic Masses and those that are more Afrocentric and discusses how the Church has changed over time to increase female participation and embrace Afrocentric themes.  She discusses the partnership between St. Francis Xavier and St. Thomas More parishes, including their endeavors against racism and participation in political events."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Brister_Bridgett_T1229.pdf	"Bridgett Demery Jackson Brister is a native of Baton Rouge, La.  She attended grammar school at St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church and high school at St. Joseph's Academy.  She also has been a parishioner at St. Paul Catholic Church in Baton Rouge.  Her service with St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church included participating with home restorations for the Mississippi Redevelopment Alliance and with anti-racism workshops for the People's Institute for Survival and Beyond."	"Brister, Bridgett Demery Jackson--Interviews.; Saint Francis Xavier Catholic Church (Baton Rouge, La.); Saint Thomas More Catholic Church (Baton Rouge, La.); Catholic Church--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Clergy.; Catholic Church--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Political activity.; African American Catholics--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Catholic elementary schools--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Express highways--Social aspects--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Mass--Celebration.; Racism--Louisiana--Religious aspects--Catholic Church.; Women--Religious aspects--Catholic Church.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Religion--20th century.; Interstate 10."	1 sound cassette (1.25 hours); Transcript (36 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Bridgett Demery Jackson Brister Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0855, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Chiquatia Smith oral history interview, 1997"	"Smith, Chiquatia Francesca, -1978"	1997	"Salaam, Tayari Kwa"	"Chiquatia Smith discusses Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church, especially its youth ministries."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Smith_Chiquatia_T1237.pdf	"Chiquatia Smith is the Youth President of the Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church in Baton Rouge, La."	"Smith, Chiquatia Francesca, 1978---Interviews.; Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); African American Baptists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Church work with youth--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American youth--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (25 minutes); Index (3 leaves); Transcript (21 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Chiquatia Smith Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0862, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Don Bradford oral history interview, 1997"	"Bradford, Don, -1948"	1997	"Jenkins, Rashada,"	"Don Bradford discusses his own religious life, his founding of Charity Christian Center Church, his vision for the church, and its liturgies and social functions."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Bradford_Don_T1265.pdf	"Don Bradford committed himself to God at age 12 and recommited at age 21.  He founded the nondenominational Charity Christian Center Church in Baton Rouge, La., in 1985 and has served as its pastor."	"Bradford, Don, 1948---Interviews.; Charity Christian Center Church (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Independent churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American clergy--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Commitment (Psychology)--Religious aspects--Christianity."	1 sound cassette (44 minutes); Transcript (25 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Don Bradford Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0887, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Earline Cary-Williams oral history interview, 1997"	"Cary-Williams, Earline, -1915"	1997	"Jourbert-Thompson, Rose,"	"Cary-Williams discusses the traditions, activities, outreach programs, ministries, and community involvement of Mount Zion First Baptist Church, as well as the organization of boards, groups, and programs within the church.  She discusses current and former pastors J.A. Bacoats, T.J. Jemison, Washington Taylor, Gardner C. Taylor, and Charles Smith, as well as her participation in the selection process to hire Jemison as pastor.  She also recounts her memories of the Baton Rouge Bus Boycott of 1953 and Jemison's leadership in the effort."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Cary-Williams_Earline_T1252.pdf	"Earline Cary-Williams was born in Baton Rouge, La., on August 20, 1915, and was baptized into Mount Zion First Baptist Church in 1931.  She was Supervisor of Schools in East Feliciana Parish, La.; an English teacher at McKinley High School and Southern University in Baton Rouge, La.; principal at North Scotlandville Elementary School and Greenville Elementary School; Coordinator of Elementary Education at Southern University Laboratory School; and Associate Dean of the Southern University College of Education."	"Cary-Williams, Earline, 1915---Interviews.; Bacoats, J. A.; Jemison, T. J.--(Theodore Judson); Mount Zion First Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); African American Baptists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge Bus Boycott, Baton Rouge, La., 1953."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 16 minutes); Index (2 leaves); Transcript (37 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Earline Cary-Williams Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0874, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Estelle Beachaump oral history interview, 1997"	"Beachaump, Estelle Deda, b. 1904"	1997	"Salaam, Tayari Kwa"	"Estelle Beachaump discusses her family, education, and businesses, and Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church, especially its history, membership, social services, and pastors."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Beachaump_Estelle_T1259.pdf	"Estelle Beachaump was born in Baton Rouge, La., and attended Leland College in Baker, La.  She ran two beauty parlors and was a member of Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church in Baton Rouge since age 12."	"Beachaump, Estelle Deda, b. 1904--Interviews.; Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); African American Baptists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American clergy--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Beauty shops--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (26 minutes); Index (4 leaves); Transcript (24 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Estelle Beachaump Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0881, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Eula Mae Hatter oral history interview, 1997"	"Hatter, Eula Mae, 1921-2000"	1997	"Jenkins, Rashada,; Welsh, Katina,; Jenkins, Shanta,"	"Hatter discusses her early experience with religion, church activities, and gospel music; churches she has attended and choirs she has participated with; her career at WXOK; gospel music and the differences between hymns and spirituals; and gospel artists and groups from the Baton Rouge area and across the South."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Hatter_Eula_T1273.pdf	"Eula Mae Hatter was born in Baton Rouge, La., to Matthew Hatter and Eula Berryhill Hatter.  She graduated from McKinley High School in 1939 and attended Southern University from 1940 to 1941.  She was employed by various shops in downtown Baton Rouge until being hired by WXOK radio in 1954.  Her gospel program, the ""Eula Mae Hatter Gospel Hour,"" was one of the station's best rated programs.  Hatter also was active in many church-related activities with New Prospect Baptist Church and the Emmanuel Baptist Church Aid Association."	"Hatter, Eula Mae, 1921-2000--Interviews.; WXOK (Radio station : Baton Rouge, La.); African American Baptists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American radio stations--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Gospel music--Louisiana.; Gospel musicians--Louisiana."	1 sound cassette (23 minutes); Index (2 p.); Transcript (14 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Eula Mae Hatter Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0895, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Fred C. Matthews, Jr. and Melvin Sambo, Sr. oral history interview, 1997"	"Matthews, Fred C., 1906-2002"	1997	"Sambo, Melvin,; Taylor, LaVada U., 1914-1999,"	"Matthews and Sambo discuss their work histories; public works in Baton Rouge during the Depression; Fred C. Matthews, Sr., the former pastor of Magnolia Hope Baptist Church; the history and activities of Magnolia Hope Baptist Church; Hope Estate Plantation; race relations in Louisiana; Felton Grandison Clark, former president of Southern Univesity, and his relationship with the Louisiana Legislature; Matthews' work for Exxon and maintaining Baton Rouge cemeteries; the problem of black on black crime; and leadership and community in African-American churches."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Matthews_Sambo_1238_1239.pdf	"Fred C. Matthews, Jr. moved to Baton Rouge with his father in 1920.  He worked for Exxon for more than thirty years and was a Trustee of Magnolia Hope Baptist Church.  Melvin Sambo, Sr. moved with his mother to Baton Rouge in 1935.  He worked at the Baton Rouge Rice Mill, Exxon, the University of California Hospital in San Francisco, and in the construction business in Baton Rouge.  He was a Deacon of Magnolia Hope Baptist Church."	"Matthews, Fred C., Jr., 1906-2002--Interviews.; Sambo, Melvin, 1914-1999--Interviews.; Clark, Felton Grandison, 1903-1970; Magnolia Hope Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); Civilian Conservation Corps (U.S.); Exxon Corporation--Employees.; Louisiana.--Legislature.; Public works--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American Baptists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Cemeteries--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American criminals--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American youth--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Hope Estate Plantation (La.); Louisiana--Race relations."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours); Transcript (117 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Fred C. Matthews, Jr. and Melvin Sambo, Sr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0863, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewees and/or their heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Jasmine McKnight oral history interview, 1997"	"McKnight, Jasmine, -1982"	1997	"Taylor, Lavada,"	"McKnight, a high school student, describes her experiences and beliefs as a devoted member of Magnolia Southern Baptist Church in Baton Rouge. She discusses her baptism, participation in church youth activities, and service in the community. She describes a typical church service, church outreach activities and prominent parishioners and pastors. She also touches on peer pressure and drug use among her peers, and her efforts to live in accordance with Christian teachings."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/McKnight_Jasmine_T1249.pdf	"Jasmine McKnight was born March 23, 1982, in Baton Rouge, La. She attended McKinley High School, and later Southern University where she was on the Gold'n Bluez Dance Team from 2000 to 2002. She graduated with a bachelor's degree in marketing in 2005."	"McKnight, Jasmine, 1982---Interviews.; Magnolia Southern Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); African American Baptists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American young women--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American youth--Drug use--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American youth--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Church work with African American youth--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (53 minutes); Transcript (37 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jasmine McKnight Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0871, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Michael Kwa Saah-Buckman oral history interview, 1997"	"Saah-Buckman, Michael Kwa, "	1997	"Green, Shawnte,; Jacobi, Paula T.,"	"Michael Kwa Saah-Buckman discusses St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church, including its history, liturgy, school, social services, and membership."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Saah-Buckman_Michael_T1222.pdf	"Michael Kwa Saah-Buckman was pastor of St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church, an African-American parish founded in 1918 in Baton Rouge, La.  He was educated in Catholic schools and received his degree in philosophy and theology from St. Peter's Regional Seminary in Ghana.  He was ordained in 1993 and assigned to St. Francis Xavier  in 1996 as its first African pastor."	"Saah-Buckman, Michael Kwa--Interviews.; Saint Francis Xavier Catholic Church (Baton Rouge, La.); Catholic Church--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Clergy.; African American Catholics--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Catholic elementary schools--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (34 minutes); Transcript (16 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Michael Kwa Saah-Buckman Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0848, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Nathaniel F. Harrison, Jr. oral history interview, 1997"	"Harrison, Nathaniel F., -1950"	1997	"Morrison, Tonetta B.,"	"Harrison discusses many aspects of Mount Zion Baptist Church in Baton Rouge, including the church's history, demographics, ministries and services, role in the community, efforts to work with troubled youth and elderly parishioners, and the changing role of the church in people's lives. He describes his personal involvement in the church and work with Reverend Theodore J. Jemison."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Harrison_Nathaniel_T1242.pdf	"Nathaniel Harrison, Jr. was born in Houma, La., in 1950. He moved to Baton Rouge in 1965 to live with his uncle, Nicholas, a deacon at Mount Zion Baptist Church. Harrison received a B.S. and Master's degree from Southern University and spent his career at Southern working in various administrative positions. He has served in many capacities at Mount Zion Baptist Church, most recently as a church officer."	"Harrison, Nathaniel F., Jr., 1950---Interviews.; Jemison, T. J.--(Theodore Judson); Mount Zion First Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); African American Baptists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (48 minutes); Transcript (24 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Nathaniel F. Harrison, Jr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0866, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Quention Thomas ""Q.T."" Ellis Sr. oral history interview, 1997"	"Ellis, Q. T. 1910-2006"	1997	"McGee, Heidi,; Sanders, Christy E."	Ellis mainly discusses his pastoring duties at multiple area churches over his nearly sixty years as a pastor. He gives some information and history on several of his congregations including Fairview and New Ark Baptist Churches.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Ellis_Quention_T1224.pdf	Ellis was born in 1910 to Thomas and [Lulla?] Ellis. He attended Evening Star School and Leland College and went on to serve as pastor at ten Baton Rouge-area Baptist churches.	"Ellis, Q. T.--(Quention Thomas), 1910-2006--Interviews.; Ebenezer Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); Fairview Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); New Ark Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); Providence Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); African American Baptists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (28 minutes); Index (2 leaves); Abstract (1 leaf)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Quention Thomas ""Q.T."" Ellis Sr. Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0850, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Churches	"Virginia Butler oral history interview, 1997"	"Butler, Virginia, 1907-1998"	1997	"Green, Shawnte,; Lovely, Chastity,; Heard, Melvin,; Bogart, Beau,"	"Butler describes her early years in St. Francisville, the religious experience that prompted her to be baptized in 1929 at Ebenezer, and her experiences at Greater Beulah. She discusses church activities and outreach, her presidency of the choir and favorite gospel song, the importance of Bible study and her favorite Bible verse, current and prior reverends at Beulah and Ebenezer, her faith in God and her philosophy of addressing problems directly and treating all people with respect."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/3_churches/Butler_Virginia_T1270.pdf	"Virginia Butler was born to Ed and Patsy Butler and raised in St. Francisville, La., in the early 1900s. As a child, she worked in the fields. After moving to Baton Rouge, she had a religious experience in which she heard the voice of God. She was baptized in 1929 at Ebenezer Baptist Church and later became an active member of Greater Beulah Baptist Church, where she was president of the choir for almost forty years."	"Butler, Virginia, 1907-1998--Interviews.; Greater Beulah Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); Ebenezer Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); African American Baptists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American women--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Religious life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American churches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American clergy--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 digital audio file (52 minutes); Transcript (31 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Virginia Butler Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0892, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Social Organizations	"Armond Brown oral history interview, 2002"	"Brown, Armond D., -1954"	2002	"Sciaraffa, Mary, -1971"	"Armond Brown discusses his education, the stages in his career as an educator, the culture of south Baton Rouge, his association with the McKinley High School Oral History Project, and the project's role in connecting the generations in south Baton Rouge."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/5_social/Brown_Armond_T3174.pdf	"Armond Brown graduated from Capital High School and Southern University in Baton Rouge, La.  He taught in Baton Rouge-area high schools before becoming athletic director and head football coach at McKinley High School.  He later became assistant principal then principal at McKinley High School."	"Brown, Armond D., 1954---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); McKinley High School Oral History Project.; African American school principals--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American football coaches--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Oral history--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Generations--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs."	1 sound cassette (17 minutes); Transcript (13 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Armond Brown Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1593, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Social Organizations	"Bernestine B. McGee oral history interview, 2002"	"McGee, Bernestine B., "	2002	"Perkins, Chrystal,; Rose, Julie,; Faulkner, Barbara,"	"McGee discusses the aims, ideals and history of Zeta Phi Beta sorority, particularly the Mu Zeta chapter, founded in Baton Rouge in 1920.  She describes chapter activities, which revolve around Zeta Phi Beta's seven point plan of action, and especially focuses on the sorority's work with youth in the community."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/5_social/McGee_Bernestine_T3173.pdf	"Bernestine McGee was born in Gilbert, Louisiana. She received her B.S. degree from Southern University, and her master's and doctorate degrees from the University of Iowa. McGee is an administrator and professor of nutrition at Southern University in Baton Rouge. She is the president of the Mu Zeta chapter of Zeta Phi Beta sorority."	"McGee, Bernestine B.--Interviews.; Zeta Phi Beta Sorority.--Mu Zeta Chapter (Baton Rouge, La.); African American Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American women--Social networks--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Women volunteers in social service--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (46 minutes); Transcript (22 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Bernestine B. McGee Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1592, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Social Organizations	"Charles Aubrey Ricard oral history interview, 2005"	"Ricard, Charles Aubrey, -1930"	2005	"Hendry, Petra Munro, -1958"	"Ricard discusses growing up in South Baton Rouge, describing local businesses, schools, and the physical and demographic makeup of the neighborhood.  He gives specifics on the location of particular homes and businesses in the predominantly African-American neighborhood.  He delves into his family's history of owning property in Downtown Baton Rouge since the 1910s or 1920s."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/5_social/Ricard_Charles_T3446.pdf	"Charles Ricard was born in 1930 in Baton Rouge, La., to Wilbert Ricard and Bessie DeCuir Ricard.  He attended elementary school at St. Francis Xavier and graduated from Southern University Laboratory High School in 1948.  His father, Wilbert, was a contractor and Ricard learned the trade from him.  He went on to work for several building and construction firms in Baton Rouge.  Ricard was widowed and met his second wife, Mary, in 1967.  He has three children."	"Ricard, Charles Aubrey, 1930---Interviews.; Ricketts family.; DeCuir family.; Saint Francis Xavier Catholic Church (Baton Rouge, La.); African American business enterprises--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Social life and customs.; African Americans--Education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Ethnic neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 21 minutes); Transcript (87 leaves); Abstract (2 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Charles Aubrey Ricard Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1744, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Social Organizations	"Charles Vincent oral history interview, 2002"	"Vincent, Charles, -1945"	2002	"Clark, Nita,; Grimes, Courtney,"	"Vincent discusses racism and social turbulence in Baton Rouge and the South in the 1960s and 1970s, including the murder of Emmett Till, his experiences with racism while growing up in Southwest Mississippi, incidents with police on the Southern University campus in the 1960s and 1970s, nonviolence and the violent deaths of African-American leaders, and relationships among the Southern University administration, faculty, and students during the period."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/5_social/Vincent_Charles_T3192.abs.pdf	"Charles Vincent was born in Hazlehurst, Miss., on October 19, 1945.  He attended Utica Junior College, Jackson State University, and Louisiana State University.  He has a Ph.D. in history and teaches at Southern University.  Vincent has been a visiting professor at Louisiana State University and eminent scholar at Virginia State University (Petersburg).  He is the author of ""Black Legislators in Louisiana Reconstruction"" and ""A Centennial History of Southern and A&M College, 1880-1980."""	"Vincent, Charles, 1945---Interviews.; Till, Emmett, 1941-1955.; Southern University and A & M College--History--20th century.; African American leadership--Violence against.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Civil rights--Mississippi.; Racism--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Racism--Mississippi.; Police brutality--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Police brutality--Mississippi.; Nonviolence--Religious aspects--Christianity.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Race relations.; Mississippi--Race relations."	1 sound cassette (26 minutes); Transcript (12 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Charles Vincent Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1609, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.  Patrons wishing to publish this interview or utilize the audio recording must contact the interviewee.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Social Organizations	"Emerson Nathaniel Bell oral history interview, 2002"	"Bell, Emerson Nathaniel, 1931-2006"	2002	"Faulkner, Barbara,"	"Bell discusses how his upbringing in South Baton Rouge encouraged him to explore the arts, which came naturally to him.  He recalls the influence of his arts education by family members, friends, and other artists in the community. He describes his early works and traces the influence of various artists who instilled in him the values of simplicity, sincerity and hard work.  He recalls influences and opportunities in New Orleans, Chicago, New York, Detroit, Canada and Japan. He expounds on the spiritual influences on his work and how he still draws inspiration from his early life experiences. Finally, he discusses teaching young artists and urging them to resist material interests and build their confidence."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/5_social/Bell_Emerson_T3175.pdf	"Emerson Bell, known for his sculpture, printmaking and painting, was born in Baton Rouge, La.  Bell attended McKinley High School, the Central Area Vocational School, and he studied at the John Payne National College and Charles Wilson Fine Arts Academy.  He also studied under Alvin Batiste at Southern University.  He served in the army from 1953 to 1955, and was stationed in Japan and South Korea. Bell received grants from the Ford Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts and was the first artist-in-residence in the Baton Rouge Public School System, where he taught art for many years. Bell passed away in 2006 at age 74."	"Bell, Emerson Nathaniel, 1931-2006--Interviews.; African American artists--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American artists as teachers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 8 minutes); Transcript (28 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Emerson Nathaniel Bell Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1594, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Social Organizations	"Freddie Pitcher oral history interview, 2002"	"Pitcher, Freddie, -1945"	2002	"Clark, Nita,; Grimes, Courtney,; Ng-A-Fook, Nicholas A., -1975"	"Pitcher discusses his legal career; the South Baton Rouge community; McKinley High School and its alumni; segregated neighborhoods in Baton Rouge in the 1950s and 1960s; discriminatory behavior; and the organizations, clubs, and boards he serves on in the community."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/5_social/Pitcher_Freddie_T3190.abs.pdf	"Freddie Pitcher was born in Baton Rouge, La., on April 28, 1945, to Freddie Pitcher Sr. and Lucy Ingram Pitcher. He graduated from McKinley High School (1962) and Southern University (B.A., 1966; J.D., 1973). He co-founded the law firm of Pitcher, Tyson, Avery, and Cunningham and was elected Baton Rouge's first African-American city court judge in 1983. Pitcher also was elected judge of the 19th Judicial District Court (1987) and the First Circuit Court of Appeals (1992). He became a full professor and chancellor of the Southern University Law Center in 2003."	"Pitcher, Freddie, 1945---Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Education (Secondary)--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Discrimination in housing--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Law firms--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Race discrimination--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Race relations."	1 sound cassette (57 minutes); Transcript (22 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Freddie Pitcher Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1607, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Social Organizations	"Huel D. Perkins oral history interview, 2006"	"Perkins, Huel D. 1924-2013"	2006	"Hendry, Petra Munro, -1958"	"Perkins discusses his education and goes into some detail on his family history.  He discusses the educational opportunities available to African-American students in the Baton Rouge area in the 1930s and 1940s, including McKinley High and the three elementary schools for African-American children.  He describes activities and sports he took part in in the community and through his church and school.  He discusses some of the prominent leaders in the Baton Rouge African-American community.  Perkins also discusses segregation, racism, African-American fraternities, and civil rights activism."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/5_social/Perkins_Huel_T3516.pdf	"Huel D. Perkins was born in 1924 to John E. Perkins, Sr., and Velma Valeria Davis Perkins in Baton Rouge, La.  He attended Southern University Laboratory School for elementary and high school, graduating in 1940.  He attended Southern University for three years until he enlisted with the U.S. Navy to serve in World War II.  After the war, Perkins completed his bachelor's degree at Southern University and went on to receive a master's and Ph.D. from Northwestern University.  Perkins eventually returned to Baton Rouge and joined the faculty of Southern University where he taught music for twenty-seven years.  In 1978, he accepted a position as assistant vice chancellor of academic affairs at Louisiana State University.  Perkins continued his connection to LSU as executive assistant to Chancellor Bud Davis until 1989, when he also became a professor emeritus of humanities at LSU."	"Perkins, Huel D.--(Huel Davis), 1924-2013--Interviews.; McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); Southern University and A & M College.; African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African Americans--Segregation--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American freemasons--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American high school students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American youth--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Civil rights movements--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Greek letter societies--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; High school student activities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Racism--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Segregation in education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Race relations."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 30 minutes); Transcript (68 leaves); Abstract (2 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Huel D. Perkins Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1792, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Social Organizations	"J.W. Vaughn oral history interview, 2002"	"Vaughn, J. W., -1930"	2002	"Clark, Nita,"	"Vaughn discusses his service with community organizations, programs offered by these groups, and their aims."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/5_social/Vaughn_J.W._T3169.abs.pdf	"J.W. Vaughn was born in Baton Rouge, La., on February 4, 1930.  He holds two master's degrees, one in secondary education and another in administration and supervision.  He is a retired public school supervisor and president of Vaughn and Nunnery Consulting Firm.  Vaughn serves on many community organizations, including the Board of Deacons at Mt. Zion First Baptist Church, the Baton Rouge Metropolitan Lions Club, Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, and the Freemasons.  He is also founder of the Black Achievers Program at the YMCA."	"Vaughn, J. W., 1930---Interviews.; Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity.; Baton Rouge Metropolitan Lions Club.; Mount Zion First Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); Freemasons--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Charities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Community education--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Community life--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Freemasonry--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Human services--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Mentoring--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Social participation--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Voluntarism--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (32 minutes); Transcript (18 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"J.W. Vaughn Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1588, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Social Organizations	"Keith Douglas oral history interview, 2001"	"Douglas, Keith, -1952"	2001	"Faulkner, Barbara,"	"Douglas talks extensively about his creative process and concepts, including his cartoon characters, his caricature business, his ideas for children's books and toys, and plans for films and TV shows. He recalls weather and sports-related artwork he completed for New Orleans broadcasters Hap Glaudi and Bob Breck. Inspired by his father's example of turning ideas into money, Douglas is a powerhouse of plans. He compares public schools in New Orleans and Baton Rouge and details his approaches to teaching art to youth. He discusses artists in the South Baton Rouge community, his experiences as an artist there, and his concern over young people's declining appreciation of art and music."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/5_social/Douglas_Keith_T3177.pdf	"Keith ""Cartoonman"" Douglas was born in 1952 in Natchez, Miss. He grew up in New Orleans, attended elementary and high school there, and was interested in art from an early age. He attended Xavier University in New Orleans where he studied under printmaker John Scott. After graduating, he taught art in public schools in New Orleans (Alfred C. Priestly High School) and Baton Rouge (McKinley High School and Southeast Middle School) for many years. He is a successful artist known for his cartoons and caricatures."	"Douglas, Keith, 1952---Interviews.; African American artists--Louisiana.; African American artists as teachers--Louisiana.; African American arts--Louisiana.; African American cartoonists--Louisiana.; Art--Study and teaching--Louisiana.; Artists--Louisiana.; Public schools--Louisiana."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 28 minutes); Transcript (41 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Keith Douglas Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1596, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Social Organizations	"Lorri A. Burgess oral history interview, 2002"	"Burgess, Lorri A., -1963"	2002	"Clark, Natalie,"	"Burgess describes growing up and attending school in South Baton Rouge, her involvement in social services, community and church organizations, and her passion for improving the quality of life for Baton Rouge residents."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/5_social/Burgess_Lorri_T3201.abs.pdf	"Lorri Burgess was born in Baton Rouge, La., in 1963.  She attended elementary and high school in South Baton Rouge, graduated from Louisiana State University in 1986, and then completed the paralegal studies program at LSU.  She won her first election in 1996 and served three terms as the Metropolitan Councilwoman for District 10.  Burgess was Baton Rouge's first elected African-American Mayor Pro-Tempore.  The many organizations with which she has been involved include the Baton Rouge Center for World Affairs, the Greater Baton Rouge Port Commission, YWCA Encore Plus, the Sickle Cell Anemia Foundation, Sisters Supporting Sisters, and the McKinley High Alumni Association."	"Burgess, Lorri A., 1963---Interviews.; African American civic leaders--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Charities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Women in charitable work--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Social life and customs--20th century."	1 digital audio file (31 minutes); Transcript (16 leaves); Abstract (2 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lorri A. Burgess Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1617, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Social Organizations	"Nona Mae Dumouil Gray oral history interview, 2005"	"Gray, Nona Mae Dumouil, 1916-2007"	2005	"Hendry, Petra Munro, -1958"	"Gray discusses growing up in Beauregard Town, a racially-mixed neighborhood, in the 1920s, 30s and 40s. She lists her family members who all lived on the same block that her grandfather, Levanski, had purchased from a French family. She recalls the geography of the neighborhood and surrounding areas: downtown Baton Rouge, the riverfront, Catfish Town, and South Baton Rouge. She talks about stores, restaurants, theaters, churches and businesses in the area. She recounts her time at Reddy Street School and McKinley High, and her experience as one of the first African American graduate students at LSU in the 1950s. She discusses race relations in Beauregard Town and Baton Rouge in the 1920s through 1950s."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/5_social/Gray_Nona_T3439.pdf	"Nona Gray was born in 1916 to Henry Dumouil and Beulah Watson Dumouil. She grew up in Beauregard Town, a neighborhood just south of downtown Baton Rouge. Gray attended Reddy Street School and graduated from McKinley High School in 1932. She received her undergraduate degree from Southern University in 1936, and completed her Master's Degree in Education at Louisiana State University in 1954. At the time she attended LSU, she was one of only four African-Americans in the graduate school. Gray married in 1947 and taught at Perkins Road School, McKinley High and Valley Park School until her retirement in 1977."	"Gray, Nona Mae Dumouil, 1916-2007--Interviews.; Reddy Street School (Baton Rouge, La.); McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College--Graduate students.; African American graduate students--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Ethnic neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Race relations.; Beauregard Town (Baton Rouge, La.)"	1 sound cassette (55 minutes); Transcript (53 leaves); Abstract (2 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Nona Mae Dumouil Gray Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1737, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
McKinley High School Oral History Project: Old South Baton Rouge Social Organizations	"Ray Roy oral history interview, 2005"	"Roy, Ray, -1931"	2005	"Hendry, Petra Munro, -1958"	"Ray Roy provides biographical details on his experiences growing up in Baton Rouge and speaks at length about his older brother Alvin. Ray discusses Alvin's purchase of the gym (Alvin Roy's Slenderizing Salon and Turkish Baths), the years that he and Alvin worked in the gym together (mid 1950s through late 70s), the struggles of keeping the business afloat, descriptions of the gym and surrounding neighborhood, the prominent sports figures who trained there, Alvin's work setting up weight training programs for multiple pro football teams, and Alvin's family. There is also a discussion of football teams and rivalries in the Baton Rouge area prior to integration."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/mckinley/5_social/Roy_Ray_T3445.pdf	"Ray Roy was born in 1931, the youngest of seven children. His parents were Joseph Thomas Roy and Lula Marie Major. He attended Saint Anthony grade school and Catholic High School, graduating in 1948. He attended Louisiana State University for two years, then joined the U.S. Navy for four years and served in the Korean War. After he left the service in 1954, he worked with his brother, Alvin, in his gym on Oklahoma Street in Baton Rouge. Alvin was an internationally known weight lifting and strength trainer. Ray Roy married his wife Glenda in 1962."	"Roy, Ray, 1931---Interviews.; Roy, Alvin, 1920-1979.; Alvin Roy's Slenderizing Salon and Turkish Baths (Baton Rouge, La.); African American business enterprises--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; African American neighborhoods--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Football players--Training of--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Football teams--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Gymnasiums--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Weight lifting--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Weight training--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	"1 digital audio file (1 hour, 15 minutes); Transcript (79 leaves); Abstract (3 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Ray Roy Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1743, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Michael Mulhern Centenarians Oral History Project	"Sarah Baker oral history interview, 1974"	"Baker, Sarah, born approximately 1860"	1974	"Mulhern, Michael."	"Sarah Baker, 113 years old at the time of the interview, discusses her life on the Magee Plantation; the treatment of field hands; and the Magee family. She mentions the end of the Civil War and the racial conflicts that followed; moving to Baton Rouge at age 47; and Mamee, voodoo lady of Baton Rouge. She also mentions the Ku Klux Klan; Rip White's plantation, near Norwood, La.; and her first impressions of the automobile and airplane."	No abstract posted yet	"Sarah Baker was born and raised on the Magee Plantation, in Woodville, Mississippi. At age 47, ca. 1908, she moved to Baton Rouge, Louisiana."	"Baker, Sarah, born approximately 1860--Interviews.; Louisiana--Description and travel.; Magee Plantation (Miss.)"	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 40 minutes); Index (2 p.)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Sarah Baker Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0002, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or her heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Michael Mulhern Centenarians Oral History Project	"Joseph Favret oral history interview, 1974"	"Favret, Joseph, born 1873"	1974	"Mulhern, Michael."	"Joseph Favret, 101 years old at the time of the interview, discusses his experiences in Cuba during the Spanish American War and the sinking of the Maine.  He recalls the New Orleans race riot of 1900 and Robert Charles.  He also mentions New Orleans' Mayor Robert S. Maestri."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/michaelmulhern/Favret_Joseph_T15_T16_T17.pdf	"New Orleans native, centenarian, and a veteran of the Spanish-American War."	"Favret, Joseph, born 1873--Interviews.; Charles, Robert, 1865?-1900.; Maestri, Robert Sidney, 1899-1974.; Spanish-American War, 1898--Cuba--Personal narratives, American.; Riots--Louisiana--New Orleans."	Index (2 p.); 3 sound cassettes (1.75  hours)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Joseph Favret Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0015, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Michael Mulhern Centenarians Oral History Project	"Sylvester Magee oral history interview, 1969"	"Magee, Sylvester, 1841-1971"	1969	"Mulhern, Michael."	"In the interview, Magee discusses his parents, his owners (masters) in Mississippi before the Civil War, his service during the Civil War under General John Reuben, and his family. Magee describes his participation in fighting at Vicksburg and Gettysburg."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/michaelmulhern/Magee_Sylvester_T49.pdf	Former slave and American Civil War veteran.	"Magee, Sylvester, 1841-1971--Interviews.; Freedmen--Mississippi.; United States--History--Civil War, 1861-1865--Participation, African American.; Mississippi--History--Civil War, 1861-1865--Personal narratives.; Vicksburg (Miss.)--History--Civil War, 1861-1865.; Gettysburg (Pa.)--History--Civil War, 1861-1865."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Index (1 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Sylvester Magee Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0039, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or his heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Michael Mulhern Centenarians Oral History Project	"Polly Mason oral history interview, 1971"	"Mason, Polly, 1855-1974"	1971	"Mulhern, Michael."	"In the interview, Mason describes her master, Judge Henry Boyce, and her life on his cotton plantation in Boyce, Louisiana.  Included are her memories of northern soldiers in Louisiana during the Civil War, her sadness upon the assassination of President Lincoln, the establishment of a station for the Texas and Pacific railroad in the area, and her first view of an airplane."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/michaelmulhern/Mason_Polly_T51.pdf	"Former slave, born at Ulster Plantation near Alexandria, Louisiana.  Mason was 115 years old at the time of the interview, and was residing in Woodworth, Louisiana."	"Boyce, Henry.; Lincoln, Abraham, 1809-1865--Assassination.; Texas & Pacific Railway.; Cotton growing--Louisiana.; Slavery--Louisiana.; Slaves--Louisiana.; Boyce (La.); Ulster Plantation (La.); Louisiana--History--Civil War, 1861-1865--Personal narratives."	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); 1abstract (2 leaves); 1index (7 leaves); Interviewer's essay(10 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Polly Mason Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0041, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewee and/or her heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Perique Tobacco Oral History Project	"Jon Christopher Brown oral history interview, 2000"	"Brown, Jon Christopher, -1949"	2000	"Hintlian, Persephone,"	"Brown discusses his family and education, his interest in perique tobacco, and his efforts to help Percy Martin, the last full-time perique farmer, to market his product and expand his sales.  He describes the history of perique, the production of specialty tobacco, and its positioning in the world market."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/perique/Brown_Jon_Christopher_T1991.pdf	"Jon Christopher Brown was born on December 3, 1949, in Jersey City, N.J.  He earned a B.S. degree in botany at the University of Massachusetts-Boston, an M.S. degree in botany at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst, and a Ph.D. in biology at Tulane University, where he wrote his dissertation on plant communities of the Calakmul Biosphere Reserve in Campeche, Mexico.  A tobacco enthusiast, Brown became interested in Louisiana perique tobacco and has helped revive this dying crop through promotion and entrepreneurship with perique farmer, Percy Martin."	"Brown, Jon Christopher, 1949---Interviews.; Martin, Percy.; Tobacco--Louisiana--Saint James Parish.; Tobacco--Louisiana--Marketing.; Tobacco farms--Louisiana--Saint James Parish.; Tobacco industry--Louisiana."	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 17 minutes); Abstract (2 leaves); Transcript (40 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jon Christopher Brown Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1367, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws. No commercial use without permission of Jon Christopher Brown.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Shadows on the Teche Oral History Project	"Steele Burden oral history interview, 1978"	"Burden, Steele, 1900-1995"	1978	"Cox, Robert Ray."	"Robert Ray Cox conducted this interview and others as part of his thesis research on William Weeks Hall and the gardens of the Shadows-on-the-Teche plantation in New Iberia, Louisiana.  In this interview, Steele Burden describes his relationship with William Weeks Hall, the great-grandson of David Weeks, the builder of the Shadows.  He speaks about Mr. Hall's personality and involvement in preserving the house and gardens. He also recollects the features of the gardens and outdoor spaces, the types of plants used, and the location of certain trees and plants on the grounds."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/robertcox/Burden_Steele_T514.pdf	"Steele Burden worked for the city of Baton Rouge and LSU initially as a gardener and later as a landscape architect.  He played a pivotal role in the founding and development of the LSU Rural Life History Museum at Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, La., by donating the museum's site, Windrush Plantation, his family's home.  Burden was interviewed here because of his association with William Weeks Hall and his familiarity with the gardens of the Shadows-on-the-Teche in the late 1930s and 40s."	"Burden, Steele, 1900-1995--Interviews.; Hall, William Weeks, 1894-1958.; Weeks, David, 1786-1834.; McIlhenny, Edward Avery, 1872-1949.; Koch, Richard, 1889-1971.; Wilson, Samuel, 1911-1993.; Knatt, J. Clement.; National Trust for Historic Preservation in the United States.; Gardens--Louisiana.; Shadows on the Teche Plantation (La.); Avery Island (La.)"	"1 sound cassette (1 hour, 4 minutes); Abstract (2 leaves); Transcript (39 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Steele Burden Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0004, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Various Topics Oral History Projects	"George Blair Pickett oral history interview, 1974"	"Pickett, George Blair, -1930"	1974	"Dalrymple, Margaret Fisher, -1938"	"The interview discusses the early history of the New Llano Colony, the education of children and religious practice in the colony, details of daily colony life, the manufacturing ventures of the colony, and the colony's eventual collapse in 1935.  Reflections on the background and personality of George T. Pickett are included."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/various/Pickett_George_T57.abs.pdf	"George Blair Pickett was the son of George T. Pickett, a socialist, a member, and later president of the Llano Colony, a socialist cooperative society organized in California in 1914.  In 1918, part of the colony migrated to Newllano (sometimes called New Llano), near Leesville in Vernon Parish, Louisiana."	"Pickett, George Blair, 1930---Interviews.; Pickett, George T., 1876-1959.; Llano Colony (Secular community); Socialism--Louisiana.; Collective settlements--Louisiana.; Socialists--Louisiana.; Vernon Parish (La.)--History--20th century."	2 sound cassettes (2 hours).; Transcript (48 pages).	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"George Blair Pickett Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0051, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
 Various Topics Oral History Projects	"James R. Skelton oral history interview, 1980"	"Skelton, James R., 1897-1986."	1980		"In this recording to his son-in-law, James Goodrum, Skelton discusses his family background; life in Brownsville on the Texas-Mexico border in the early 1900s; the Mexican Revolution in 1911; Pancho Villa and Venustanio Caranza; fighting at Matamoros, Mexico; Villa's crossing the Rio Grande; President-elect Warren G. Harding's visit to Brownsville in 1920; mistreatment of Mexicans and various crimes and trials in Brownsville."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/various/Skelton_James_T29.abs.pdf	"Born in Dallas, Texas and moved to Brownsville, Texas in 1911 where he took over his father's land abstract company in 1934."	"Villa, Pancho, 1878-1923.; Brownsville (Tex.)--History.; Mexico--History--20th century.; United States--Foreign relations--Mexico."	2 sound cassettes (1 hour); Index (2 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"James R. Skelton Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0025, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
 Various Topics Oral History Projects	"Devereux Nobles and George M. Marshall IV oral history interview, 1994"	"Nobles, Devereux, "	1994	"Black, Andrew K.; Marshall, George M.,"	Recollection of the family tradition of Union assault at Lansdowne Plantation during the occupation of Natchez during U.S. Civil War.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/various/Nobles_and_Marshall_T670.abs.pdf	"Descendants of George and Charlotte Hunt Marshall, Lansdowne Plantation, Natchez, Miss."	"Plantations--Mississippi--Natchez.; Natchez (Miss.)--History--Civil War, 1861-1865.; Mississippi--History--19th century.; Lansdowne (Natchez, Miss.)"	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Transcript (17 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Devereux Nobles and George M. Marshall IV Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0468, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer and   heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
 Various Topics Oral History Projects	"Leni Riefenstahl oral history interview, 1979"	"Riefenstahl, Leni, "	1979	"Culbert, David Holbrook.; Lozada, Gisela J.,"	"Riefenstahl discusses producing official documentaries for the Nazi regime during the 1930's; her personal contacts with Adolf Hitler, Rudolf Hess, Albert Speer, Josef Goebbels, and other high-ranking government and party officials; description of circumstances and techniques used in making films, particularly TRIUMPH DES WILLENS, SIEG DES GLAUBENS, and OLYMPIA.  Interview is a translation from German to English of an edited version."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/various/Riefenstahl_Leni_T60-62.abs.pdf	"German film director Leni Riefenstahl was born in 1902 in Berlin.  She achieved fame and notoriety for her propaganda film TRIUMPH OF THE WILL and her two part rendition of the 1936 Olympic Games, OLYMPIA, both made for Adolf Hitler's Third Reich.  One of the most controversial figures in the world of film, she had already made a name for herself in her native Germany and abroad when Adolf Hitler came to power in 1933.  With his friendship and support she became the ""movie-queen"" of Nazi Germany,"" a position she could not live down after the fall of the Third Reich.  After the war, she spent four years in a French detention camp for her part Hitler's regime.  In spite of her energetic attempts to continue as a filmmaker and her protestations that she had done nothing but be an unpolitical artist, she never managed to complete another film."	"Hitler, Adolf, 1889-1945--In motion pictures.; Hitler, Adolf, 1889-1945.; Hess, Rudolf, 1894-1987.; Speer, Albert, 1905-1981.; Goebbels, Joseph, 1897-1945.; Propaganda, German--History--20th century.; Motion picture industry--Government policy--Germany.; Documentary films--Production and direction--Germany.; National socialism in motion pictures.; Nazis.; Germany--Politics and government--1933-1945."	3 sound cassettes (3 hours); Transcript (19 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Leni Riefenstahl Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0053,Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws. Only the English language transcript may be used by researchers. German language transcript and recording are restricted.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Volunteers of America Oral History Project	"Myron Falk oral history interview, 1995"	"Falk, Myron, 1906-1997"	1995		"The interview describes transients in Baton Rouge during the Depression, the Old Penitentiary Receiving Station, Community Chest, his role as director of the United Givers Fund and the United Way, cooperation between the Salvation Army and Volunteers of America (VOA), funding for VOA, and the role of women in VOA."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/voa/Falk_Myron_T1050.abs.pdf	"Falk, former director of the United Way in Baton Rouge, was a writer and advocate of social welfare and endowed a scholarship in the School of Journalism, Louisiana State University."	"Falk, Myron, 1906-1997--Interviews.; Volunteers of America.; Salvation Army.; Depressions--1929--United States.; Public welfare--Louisiana.; Homeless persons--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (.5 hours); Transcript (9 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Myron Falk Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0723, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Volunteers of America Oral History Project	"Fred and Helen Belcher oral history interview, 1994"	"Belcher, Fred, -1913"	1994	"Snowden, Randall.; Belcher, Helen, -1916"	"Interview describes the Salvation Army and Volunteers of America with a focus on the community programs and projects including prison ministry, work with the black community, New Orleans maternity home, the role of VOA in adoptions, and Hansen's Disease Center at Carville, Louisiana.  They also discuss racial composition of South 16th St., role of religion in the VOA, 1920s automobiles, and the flood of 1927.  Time period includes 1900s-1930s."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/voa/Belcher_Fred_and_Helen_T1048.abs.pdf	"Fred and Helen Belcher are the son and daughter-in-law of Arthur and Corrie Belcher, founders of the Volunteers of America in Baton Rouge, Louisiana."	Volunteers of America.; Salvation Army.; Floods--Louisiana.; Adoption--Louisiana.; Leprosy--Louisiana--Carville.	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (69 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Fred and Helen Belcher Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0721, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Volunteers of America Oral History Project	"William Coffey oral history interview, 1995"	"Coffey, William, -1940"	1995	"Flintroy, Tanasha,"	Coffey discusses the structure and programs of the Baton Rouge Chapter of Volunteers of America.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/voa/Coffey_William_T1049.abs.pdf	William Coffey was president of the Baton Rouge Chapter of Volunteers of America.	"Coffey, William, 1940---Interviews.; Volunteers of America.; Voluntarism--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteer workers in social service--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (30 minutes); Transcript (17 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"William Coffey Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0722, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Volunteers of America Oral History Project	"Eula Mae Cheveallier Jackson oral history interview, 1994"	"Jackson, Eula Mae Cheveallier, "	1994	"Abbott, Darlene,"	"Jackson discusses her husband, J. C. Cheveallier, and his leadership of Volunteers of America, as well as several VOA programs, especially VOA homes."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/voa/Jackson_Eula_Mae_T1051.abs.pdf	Eula Mae Cheveallier Jackson was the wife of Volunteers of America head J. C. Cheveallier and director of one of the VOA houses.	"Jackson, Eula Mae Cheveallier--Interviews.; Cheveallier, J. C.; Volunteers of America.; Voluntarism--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteer workers in social service--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Group homes--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (42 minutes); Transcript (12 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Eula Mae Cheveallier Jackson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0724, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Volunteers of America Oral History Project	"Cindy Magee oral history interview, 1995"	"Magee, Cindy, -1956"	1995	"DeLoach, Sharon,"	"Magee discusses racial issues in public and private education in Mississippi, social problems related to drug abuse, her relationship with her family, and her work for the homeless with Volunteers of America."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/voa/Magee_Cindy_T1052.abs.pdf	Cindy Magee was case manager and volunteer coordinator of the Volunteers of America Family Shelter.	"Magee, Cindy, 1956---Interviews.; Volunteers of America.; Segregation in education--Mississippi.; Drug abuse--Social aspects--United States.; Voluntarism--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge--Family relationships.; Volunteer workers in social service--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Shelters for the homeless--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Social work with the homeless--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (50 minutes); Transcript (12 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Cindy Magee Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0725, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Volunteers of America Oral History Project	"Donna Mayeaux oral history interview, 1995"	"Mayeaux, Donna, "	1995	"Coates, George, d. ca. 1845,"	Mayeaux discusses the work of Volunteers of America and the structure of its Board of Directors.	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/voa/Mayeaux_Donna_T1053.abs.pdf	Donna Mayeaux was a former member of the Volunteers of America Board of Directors.	"Mayeaux, Donna--Interviews.; Volunteers of America.; Voluntarism--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteer workers in social service--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Boards of directors--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (15 minutes); Transcript (6 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Donna Mayeaux Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0726, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer and   her heirs and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Volunteers of America Oral History Project	"John Pine oral history interview, 1995"	"Pine, John, -1946"	1995	"Ricketts, Rose,"	"Pine discusses the creation, services, and staff of the Christian Outreach Center."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/voa/Pine_John_T1054.abs.pdf	"John Pine was one of the founders of the Christian Outreach Center in downtown Baton Rouge, La."	"Pine, John, 1946---Interviews.; Volunteers of America.; Volunteers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteer workers in social service--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Interdenominational cooperation--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Lay ministry--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (15 minutes); Index (2 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"John Pine Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0727, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Volunteers of America Oral History Project	"Randall ""Bud"" Snowden oral history interview, 1995"	"Snowden, Randall, "	1995	"Bailes, Renee,; Langlois, Jennifer,"	"Snowden discusses his work with Volunteers of America; the structure and mission of the organization; and VOA's work with ex-offenders, children, and adolescents."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/voa/Snowden_Randall_Bud_T1055.pdf	"Randall ""Bud"" Snowden was Vice President of the Volunteers of America and Program Director for America House, the Downtown Christian Outreach Center, and Transitional Housing."	"Snowden, Randall--Interviews.; Volunteers of America.; Voluntarism--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteer workers in social service--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Children's shelters--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Social work with children--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Social work with teenagers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Social work with criminals--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Ex-convicts--Services for--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Transcript (13 leaves); Index (2 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Randall ""Bud"" Snowden Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0728, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Volunteers of America Oral History Project	"Yvonne Teeter oral history interview, 1995"	"Teeter, Yvonne, "	1995	"Dunn, Donisha,; Nuynh, Le,"	"Teeter discusses the end to the military structure of the VOA, its split with the Salvation Army, and its programs, particularly its shelters."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/voa/Teeter_Yvonne_T1056.abs.pdf	Yvonne Teeter was a member of the Women's Auxiliary of Volunteers of America.	"Teeter, Yvonne--Interviews.; Volunteers of America.; Salvation Army.; Voluntarism--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteers--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Volunteer workers in social service--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Shelters for the homeless--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (15 minutes); Index (1 leaf)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Yvonne Teeter Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0729, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
West Baton Rouge Parish Oral History Project	"Betty Nelson oral history interview, 1996"	"Nelson, Betty Jackson, "	1996	"Morgan, Brenda,"	"Nelson discusses her family; her grandfather, Sam Caldwell, the overseer at the Cohn family's Carolina Plantation who, with Henry Cohn, established Cohn High School in Port Allen; growing up in Port Allen; attending African-American schools there and in Baton Rouge; her university education in Louisiana and California; and her political involvement in West Baton Rouge Parish."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/wbrremembrance/Nelson_Betty_T1062.abs.pdf	"Betty Nelson was a native of Port Allen, La., and attended Port Allen Colored Elementary School and McKinley High School in Baton Rouge.  As a teenager in the early 1950s, Nelson became active in African-American voter registration in West Baton Rouge Parish.  She attended Leland College, Southern University, Los Angeles City College, and the University of Southern California.  Upon returning to Louisiana, Nelson became active in Port Allen politics where she became one of the first African-American women elected to the West Baton Rouge Parish Police Jury."	"Nelson, Betty Jackson--Interviews.; Caldwell, Sam.; Cohn, Henry.; Cohn High School (Port Allen, La.); Port Allen Colored Elementary School (Port Allen, La.); McKinley High School (Baton Rouge, La.); African Americans--Civil rights--Louisiana.; African Americans--Education--Louisiana.; African Americans--Louisiana--Politics and government--20th century.; Carolina Plantation (La.); Port Allen (La.)--History--20th century.; West Baton Rouge Parish (La.)--History--20th century."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (20 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Betty Nelson Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0733, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	"Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer and/or heirs, and the West Baton Rouge Parish Library and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws."	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
West Baton Rouge Parish Oral History Project	"Wilhemenia Williams DeCuir oral history interview, 1999"	"DeCuir, Wilhemenia Williams, -1937"	1999	"Boyce, Judy,"	"Wilhemenia Williams DeCuir discusses memories of her father, Rev. Freddie Williams, including his church ministry in four churches: New Pilgrim Baptist Church (Zachary, La.), Sunrise Baptist Church (Sunrise, La.), Olive Grove Baptist Church (Lindsay, La.), and Donaldson Chapel Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.).  She describes his family and education, preaching style, interaction with his congregations, and efforts for voter registration in West Baton Rouge Parish.  She also describes her father's relationships with her; her sister, Mamie Vern Williams; and their mother, Dorothea Lipscomb Williams."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/wbrremembrance/DeCuir_Wilhemenia_T1768_T1769.abs.pdf	"Wilhemenia Williams DeCuir was the daughter of Rev. Freddie Williams, a Baptist minister in Port Allen, La.  She spent her childhood visiting the four churches he oversaw in East and West Baton Rouge Parishes and East Feliciana Parish and witnessing his community activism.  She holds a master's degree in English from Southern University and did further study in library science at Louisiana State University.  She has worked as a librarian at Port Allen High School for four decades."	"DeCuir, Wilhemenia Williams, 1937---Interviews.; Williams, Freddie, 1917-2005.; Williams, Dorothea Lipscomb, 1919-1996.; Williams, Mamie Vern, 1940-1996.; Donaldson Chapel Baptist Church (Baton Rouge, La.); New Pilgrim Baptist Church (Zachary, La.); Olive Grove Baptist Church (Lindsay, La.); Sunrise Baptist Church (Sunrise, La.); African American Baptists--Louisiana.; African American churches--Louisiana.; African American civil rights workers--Louisiana--West Baton Rouge Parish.; African Americans--Suffrage--Louisiana--West Baton Rouge Parish."	"2 sound cassettes (1 hour, 23 minutes); Abstract (2 leaves); Transcript (50 leaves)"	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Wilhemenia Williams DeCuir Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.1209, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs and the West Baton Rouge Parish Library and Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws. 	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
WJBO Radio Interviews	"Jane Ellis radio interview, 1975"	"Ellis, Jane Self, -1931"	1975	"Harris, Jim."	"The interview is part of a series titled, ""Topic Today,"" produced by WJBO radio station in the 1970s. The interview discusses the Parent Consultation Program and reasons for its existence. It mentions the everyday crises dealt with by social services; need for support groups among parents to deal with changing family roles, good parent-child relationships, and stages of child development. Interview also mentions effects of parental group meetings."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/WJBO/Ellis_Jane_T5.index.pdf	"Jane Ellis worked as a counselor at the Baton Rouge Mental Health Center, in the 1970s. She received her Master of Social Work degree from Louisiana State University in 1969."	"Ellis, Jane Self, 1931-; Family social work--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (30 min.); Index (1 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jane Ellis Radio Interview, Mss. 4700.0005, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
WJBO Radio Interviews	"Woody Dumas radio interview, 1975"	"Dumas, Woody, 1917-1993"	1975	"Harris, Jim."	"In the interview, which aired on WJBO ""Topic Today"" series, August 1975, Dumas discusses Baton Rouge's stable economic condition; upcoming tax election for police and firemen raises; possible strikes; federally imposed service charge for water treatment; zoning; capital improvements in Baton Rouge in last 20 years; downtown improvements; Downtown Airport and Ryan Airport."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/WJBO/Dumas_Woody_T12.abs.pdf	"Woodrow ""Woody"" Wilson Dumas was Mayor-President of Baton Rouge, Louisiana from 1964 to 1980."	City planning--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Airports--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Politics and government--20th century.	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Index (2 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Woody Dumas Radio Interview, Mss. 4700.0011, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
WJBO Radio Interviews	"Jan Duggar radio interview, 1975"	"Duggar, Jan W.,"	1975	"Harris, Jim."	"In the interview, which aired on WJBO ""Topic Today"" series, August 1975, Duggar discusses the importance of productivity of labor as an economic indicator; effect on Louisiana and the United States of degregulating oil; consumer attitudes and boycotting; Louisiana employment situation; efforts by Mississippi and Arkansas to attract business; interconnectedness of international economies; New Orleans's financial problems because of white flight to neighboring parishes."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/WJBO/Duggar_Jan_T11.1.abs.pdf	Economist with the Louisiana Planning Committee and Louisiana State University.	Petroleum products--Prices--United States.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Economic conditions.; New Orleans (La.)--Economic conditions.	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Index (3 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Jan Duggar Radio Interview, Mss. 4700.0010, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
WJBO Radio Interviews	"Norman E. ""Pete"" Heine radio interview, 1975"	"Heine, Pete. "	1975	"Harris, Jim."	"In the interview, which aired in August 1975 on WJBO radio station's program  ""Topic Today,"" Heine discusses the upcoming Baton Rouge Mayor-President race and the present mayor, Woody Dumas, Baton Rouge and Baker's economic condition, New Orleans, white flight, and federal revenue sharing.  He also discusses civic programs in Baker, such as the town's plans for the bicentennial celebration."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/WJBO/Heine_Norman_Pete_T31.1.abs.pdf	"Norman E. ""Pete"" Heine served as Mayor of Baker, Louisiana, from 1964-1976 and 1981-1992.  At the time of the interview, he had announced his candidacy for the 1976 Baton Rouge Mayor-President race."	Baker (La.)--Politics and government.; Baton Rouge (La.)--Politics and government.	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Index (2 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Norman E. ""Pete"" Heine Radio Interview, Mss. 4700.0027, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	"Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by the interviewer, interviewee, and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws."	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
WJBO Radio Interviews	"Paul Murrill radio interview, 1975"	"Murrill, Paul, -1934"	1975	"Harris, Jim."	"Interview was broadcast on WJBO's radio program ""Topic Today."" Murrill responds to questions on the topics of increasing student enrollment in vocationally-oriented programs, housing and fee increases at LSU, funding for  higher education in Louisiana, educational achievement of students, standardized testing, employment opportunities for graduates, and broad goals of higher education."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/WJBO/Murrill_Paul_T11.2.abs.pdf	"Chancellor of Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge."	"Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.)--Students.; Education, Higher--Louisiana.; Universities and colleges--Planning--Louisiana."	1 sound cassette (1.5  hours); Transcript (26 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Paul Murrill Radio Interview, Mss. 4700.0049, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
WJBO Radio Interviews	"W. Henson Moore radio interview, 1975"	"Moore, W. Henson, -1939"	1975	"Harris, Jim."	"In the interview with Jim Harris for WJBO's ""Topic Today"" Program (Aug.  1975), Henson Moore discusses the concerns of his constituents and their economic situation, unemployment, welfare reform, and government spending on defense and social programs.  He also discusses issues in the upcoming congressional session,  the effects of deregulating the petroleum industry, the upcoming Louisiana gubernatorial election, and Republican presidential candidates in the 1976 election."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/WJBO/Moore_W_Henson_T56.abs.pdf	"U.S. Representative from Louisiana's 6th Congressional District, 1975-1987."	Unemployment--Louisiana.; Public welfare--Louisiana.; Petroleum industry and trade--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-; Louisiana--Economic conditions--20th century.	1 sound cassette (45 minutes); Index (2 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"W. Henson Moore Radio Interview, Mss. 4700.0048, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
WJBO Radio Interviews	"Percy Joseph Mills radio interview, 1975"	"Mills, Percy Joseph, -1934"	1975	"Harris, Jim."	"Interview was broadcast as part of WJBO's radio program, ""Topic Today.""  Mills discusses his political and civic experience including his announcement to run for secretary of state and his views on the responsibilities of the office.  Mills comments on voter participation, recent political campaigns, and the status of the Louisiana Superport."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/WJBO/Mills_Percy_J_T55.abs.pdf	"A banker and politician, native of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Mills represented Caddo Parish in the state legislature, 1968-1972, and was a candidate for lieutenant governor, 1971, and for secretary of state, 1975. He became the executive director of the Louisiana Superport in 1972."	Elections--Louisiana.; Voting--Louisiana.; Petroleum shipping terminals--Louisiana.; Harbors--Louisiana.; Louisiana--Politics and government--1951-	1 sound cassette (50 minutes); Index (2 p.)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Percy Joseph Mills Radio Interview, Mss. 4700.0047, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by interviewee and interviewer and/or their heirs in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Women's Council of Greater Baton Rouge Oral History Project	"Evelyn Fike oral history interview, 1995"	"Fike, Evelyn, 1925-2008"	1995	"Parker, Margaret"	"Fike discusses sexual discrimination in her high school in Iowa, the lack of career opportunities for women in the 1940s, her work and problems with the Gulf States Research Institute, her work as an executive, her role in forming the Capital Area Network (an organization for Baton Rouge businesswomen), and her desire to be a mentor for her female employees."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/womenscouncil/Fike_Evelyn_T766.abs.pdf	Evelyn Fike was an executive with the Gulf States Research Institute.	"Fike, Evelyn, 1925-2008--Interviews.; Gulf States Research Institute.; Capital Area Network (Baton Rouge, La.); Sex discrimination against women--United States.; Sex discrimination in education--Iowa.; Sex discrimination in employment--Louisiana.; Mentoring in business--Louisiana."	1 sound cassette (1 hour); Transcript (33 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Evelyn Fike Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0528, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
Women's Council of Greater Baton Rouge Oral History Project	"Lillian Walker oral history interview, 1995"	"Thixton, Lillian Walker, "	1995	"Parker, Margaret"	"Walker discusses her early life and work, her involvement in community service projects, and her role in founding the Baton Rouge Association for Retarded Children.  She mainly discusses her tenure as a state legislator, especially her work on behalf of LSU and Southern University, her sponsorship and support of various bills, her relationships with other legislators, and the peculiarities of being a female legislator."	http://lib.lsu.edu/services/oralhistory/abstracts/womenscouncil/Walker_Lillian_T979.abs.pdf	Lillian Walker was one of the first women elected to the Louisiana State Legislature.	"Thixton, Lillian Walker--Interviews.; Baton Rouge Association for Retarded Children.; Louisiana.--Legislature.; Louisiana State University (Baton Rouge, La.); Southern University and A & M College.; Women civic leaders--Louisiana--Baton Rouge.; Children with mental disabilities--Louisiana--Baton Rouge."	1 sound cassette (1.5 hours); Transcript (62 leaves)	Louisiana State University Libraries Special Collections (http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special)	"Lillian Walker Oral History Interview, Mss. 4700.0550, Louisiana and Lower Mississippi Valley Collections, LSU Libraries, Baton Rouge, La."	Physical rights are retained by the LSU Libraries. Copyright is retained by Louisiana State University in accordance with U.S. copyright laws.	"E-mail lsudiglib@lsu.edu with questions or comments. See instructions for ordering reprints of this audio here: http://www.lib.lsu.edu/special/services/duplication.html Mention the ""Item number"" or ""Item URL"" in your request. "
